Any movie that has vampires I like!
Familt Guy, The Simpons, Futurama, and South Park!!!!
funny but I've heard it before
I have joined the new organization Rap Is Cr*P!
But yes, this show is addicting!
So, I don't believe in true friends anymore.
ok thats supposed to be with muffins, but it's stupid either way.
And check out wikipedias site about SS.
But always try to do your best.
Behind The Green Door, that's the best porno movie I ever saw.
no i don't think so but they r both fine
'Your mom' is not an answer!)
the animal house soundtrack is always a winner!
Yes, if he says on his website he will sue, he probably means it.
tank top  or halter top and jeans, perhaps?
... and it's prolly cuz they couldn't spell Lincoln.
if u listened closly, i'd al ready said it.good luck!
And you would want to meet the devil not unless your life sucks.
i've got a crush on him, like, forever!
Actually, the title is Na Na Hey Hey Kiss Him Goodbye
Finally, one of them asked, What did she roll?
its gonna be off the hook
Especially after the way she treated his mother!!
-102  & the story goes on :D
say hi like nothing ever happened between you.
i wish it would rain-temptations ?
they both fricken suck cuz ive never seen them
anything from evanescence to mozart but no country
scary movie 1,2,3 ,euro trip final destination
check out this link...lots of places & prices!
HE IS TO ME FOR NOW, OUR BLACK GEORGE CLOONEY.
What do think will he sue?
sheet music plus is not free.
Apolo Anton Ohno (Olympic speed skater USA)
blame it on the rain     kiss the rain
I can't choose, so I would say - both.
evidently this was a sunday school song
Anyway, I think country songs are basically diaries or something.
there must be a guardian angel that protected the baby
I Love the Black Eyed Peas!!!
anything you can play with your hands: banjo,mandolin, tambourine, congas, maracas, the triangle...etc.
because hes not on the 20th story
oh and the fight scenes and choreography ROCKS!!!
they are lazy and have nothing important to do
hmmmmmmm ok.k there in the room with there clothes off.
the offspring because all their songs sound good.
Beat It - because there is Eddie Van Halen on the guitar!
But me, I just like to bake.
If anyone has a copy, I'll totally buy it.
WOW.......THATS A REAL GOOD ONE,HMMMMMM,IMAGINATION CAN BE A GOOD THING..IMAGINE THAT HUH..LOL..PEACE OUT..
dont get me wrong i like jennifer, shes cute but angie is hot.
it is closed series.so don't expect it
it would have to be superman.
you could tell them your engaged?!?!?!
That thing you do - by WONDERS  TOO GOOD SONG, NICE MOVIE TOO
i really don`t know i love both sooooooo.... much
she is still married to josh and billy likes her too.
my man smells so darn good!!
But I don't see that show anymore.
some do, others stand out front and smack camera crews
I love Pearl Jam, but I have to go with Metallica...
can't choose they're both very good
What the hell kind of school do you go to?!
Ooh, I can't eat another bite (munch munch, explode)
I've got TiVo ready to go.
but then it was just pulled off the air?!?!?!?
Biographys im obsessed with Johnny Cash since I saw Walk The Line
the music changed so much i dont think they have any good songs that they play in a club
the new one has johnny depp
I believe it is a mid 90's movie maybe '95 or '96
anyone else get what im saying?
can you include your e-mail please??
that song breaking free or whatever its really amazing
Unless you can pin down a single bass he favors...
the Munsters didn't have a butler...the Addams family had Lurch.
yes they do i never really thought about that thats weird thanx for pointing that out
If Superman weren't Superman, and he was just Ok man, would it be the same?
SAME THING DIFFRENT DAY SHE'S STILL A CRACKHEAD AND HER HUSBAND IS STILL BEATING THE CRAP OUT OF HER
bucky should, but probably somebody good will
jen is a good girl and angelina is the bad boy
what's her name in real life?
She looks down into her pajama bottoms and SCREAMS!
There celebrity nickname would have to be Foxxhack.
)...or a David Bowie and Trent Reznor song.
And you call yourself a prof?
Who the hell are the rest?
Those are the ones that I can think of right now.
it shows you people with lot of money and fame leads to unhappy life.
U can type but can't talk..........ummmm,u must be growing invertly!!!
if your into christan punk then you know thousand foot krutch.
I want to be on Wheel of Fortune!!
Hes a very down to earth person...and very cool!
limewire, bearshare, imesh and the best BITTORENT
too many good ones to pick
i think brad is having some sort of crises.
Back when they actually played music.
Its not really even that scary, just disturbing.
Yup, even had a small part in one once.. fun stuff.
:Dhaha LOOK I JUST WIPED A BUGER AT YOU HAHA
they made her even more ugly for the role
I just like her better than Angelina.
gerard's not gay,dude..but if he vas ville vallo would definitely be his boyfriend..or billie joe from green day!
I liked the movies too and there is a Shrek 3 coming up soon!
A:  She opens the car door
it was so funny b/c a lot of it was so right!
Now I feel much better, thanks.
you put her in a cylindricalroom and tell her to sit in the corner.
mmmm, that is a tough one.
Chicken Little and its about darn time !!!!!!!!!!!!!
It just ended last year (I think) with the movie Star Wars: Episode III: Revenge of the Sith.
i agree i think they are gross too.
Answer : Don't try to butter me up!
my god i wish i did!
and people still talk about him and his  work like the man is not dead!!!
I think sarcasm is extremely funny!
i loved that show and then one saturday i turned it on and it wasn't playing.
I dont even know the show... as in what time it is aired and so on...
We have HUGE malls out here.
I met the guy who played Bear Bryant in Forrest Gump
Lol, did I make you laugh?
Tim Allen in The Shaggy Dog
So go to the beach or lake and go splash around...you never know, it just might be fun.
Tanks, again, Missus, he replies, brushing them off.
isnt it sad that entertainers arent like this anymore.
Nicole kidman was great.I liked reese whitherspoon too.
what is there to lie about?
One to do whatever you want it to do.
tell me the web pliz...i try a lot website but still didn't got it..
Naruto cuz its exciting and awesome and the best out of those three
There are a LOT of songs that do that to me!
You're missing someone...YOU are ;) Love you to bits !!
i dont kno if this is funny or sad or both but told me here it goes.........
Hey, you know the Beck song Deadweight?
:D  but this is all just me, you know :D
i don;t know but he had great music.
one dance move thats is really a hip hop move would be called crunking
i play guitar and some piano .....yet i cant read a note of music....lol
it is a girl but she is extremly fugly.
This is a strange Q&A, but I still don't know what u R talking about.
then find ur song.. try it!!
this is wat it sounds like when the love strikes.
First of all, it's Rap not Rape.
you have to watch it to appreciate it.
i like both, but i'm going to say simpsons
but thats just my opinion, and thanks for your answer on my qiestion.
But where one can do this another can't do that.
stay in the bathroom the whole day
If so what was the movie?
I agree with fluor  Check it out pal!
I can't believe everyone is talking crap about this question?
because the boy was so ugly that she couldn't look at him anymore.
Way too young for me but such a sweetheart.
The thing is I don't really know how to play.
i would want to be Vegeta.. but hes not exactly a super hero.
Well, after all, his name IS Peter!
Its a real riot watching it.
i like her movies and want to know what you think
personally,i feel its a  cool way for de-stressing and relaxing....!
hoop hoop but i am a Capricorn dude
I liked Apocolypse Now(the original) Martin Sheen did an awsome job!!!
I don't know, but they turn purple when you kick them in the smurf sack!
There were things that overwhelmed me, he says.
DO YOU KNO HIM IN REAL LIFE?
I JUST FINISHED IT AND IT IS GREAT!
the only song i like of hers is super old but its skater boi
His song is cool....he is cute one day, and then the next he's not....wierd hugh??
To which the little brother replied, No, but Gramma is!
because it was just so bad or offensive?
That's right, Emo was once not something kids called themselves.
I'm gonna go with amy's song... but what do you think?
It was good enough for me to ask others what they think, so...What'd you think of it?
Basically, just a Hey...how are you...I am David (introduce urself with your name)..helps tremendously.
2) I'd force her to eat a cheeseburger.
Queen of the Damned sucked big time though.
did you hear about the new pirate movie?
NIRVANA is the greatest ever...HELL F*CKIN' YEAH!
well, he came from outerspace so he still would be unusual.
simba off the lion king, he's evil you know.....................
Reggie Miller, Clyde Drexler, Charles Barkley, Michael Jordan............
it was gross adnd ugly....stupid pro life people pro choice all the way!!
Well, no she said, I'm actually a blonde.
they haven't done me any bad!
has no accent but also is alot more techno.
they probably did and they just want to fake out the paparazzi
Sounds like the Bee Gees song, Staying Alive.
With out a Trace..                       the steven movie being talked about Came later than the 80's
Chicks only like him for his money!!
opera ghost it was on phantom of the opera
i don't know but the song is hella tight!!!!
eminem because his some of his music is just so funny and relevent to todays pop music enviorment.
Mine was Audio Adrenaline ever heard of them, or should I ask, are they still around?
she's the wife of john lennon.
i didn'r think it was good.
select a source which is having 3 to 4 stars****.
the mexican lady dr did the surgery and the cute young dr who slept with grey helped her.
if you mean dylan from 90210 and cohen from oc then totally cohen.
Yeah we can tell, just look at your cartoon avator!!
i would be suprised if i had no eyebrows
we work all the times and dont see eachother that much.
Don't have nothing else to do!
I'm sure hes in the phone book < : )                                          <
THE ONLY ONE I KNOW OF IS HOOPZ........WHICH IS mydarlingnikki.com
See if what I say isn't true.
yes but have stop eating out at resturants.
No it wouldnt be the same, cause his name wouldve changed
It's more of an off white.
I dont know i dont really watch that show that much
usher!chris brown copies usher and 50 cent doesn't even dance
Well atleast the voters got wise and booted KEVIN COVAIS out
she'd get torn apart by simon.
keira knightly & keanu reeves were looking great.
Yes because that is the only thing im good at, when it comes to lying.LOL
I saw him in person once.
its the fact that i'm never going to get that time back!
When I was younger I use to ice skate and lots of biking loved both
gets them all excited and loud, but in a good, happy way
Yes and so does Baa Baa Black Sheep
I think he was definitely cheating on her!
i only finished it because i hate not seeing how a movie ends.
Sugar We're Going Down by Fall Out Boy
Ashley Simpson, I f**in hate her!
NO,  he's not gay Why are you so obsessed with other peoples lives?
go to their websites, and apply there.
its like you can move with it and just go with the flow.
She was easily the hottest one on the show this year!
Just looking at her face annoys me to no end!
but i don't think it'll happen.
Yup, gotta be the Cat in the Hat.
I think it's time to stop!
who knows there are rumors flying everywhere
i like the song vampire heart.
Way too much rap is boneheaded garbage!
i could go on and on!....and asking for TWO hoops nonetheless....LOL....:D
or they both have the letters m and e in them which spells me!
I didn't see anything for free.
Don't be fooled by da rocks dat she got!
Want to hear another dirty joke?
sex is when a man and woman get together and get verry intiment.
other then that i'm a golden girl....hahahaha
i like a lot of different kinds rock.
that's a crappy question to ask
he has quite a few on stage too...
why did they stop playin that movie on the disney channel anyway?
Lovely movie...Johnny Depp was in it...that says it all...
i enjoy all if someone plys it ..
I cant wain to see the reuinon, what about yall?
Definately a flick worth your time.
( everyone seems to have forgotten that you are an addict.
We haven't made it yet, Jen...  ;)
--Warriors of Virtue (probably the worst movie ever made...so horrible it was hilarious tho)
I think my friend just died!
I love Days of our lives!!
I agree Jason x sucked but the first Terminator was just as bad.
if that movie was a person i think it'd have to kill it.
you could be a founder of a student based anime club!
u want to count that from US??
1st part is ok but parts 2 & 3 r hopeless
Thanks much for your help if u can.
the song is nice and i like it.
Warning:  It's a lot more boring than you'd hope.
made it and I like most of his animated movies.
He sounds like an old version of Rod Stewart on crack cocaine!!!
I am not a girl, but iI think it comes naturally
I still find it funny though.
The man came out with tears in his eyes,  I tried, but I can't kill my wife.
A B C D E F G those r the notes.
Milli Vanilli - Blame it on the Rain?
STEVE PERRY, GEORGE JONES, AND LORETTA LYNN
are kasey kahne and kristy labonte still dating?
right along with the rest of the characters.
- You really expect him to come back?
ur mommas so stupid, she tried to put M&M's in alphabetical order!
I think he is pretty awesome, too!!
Both r good but really liked the original Star Wars movies
If she said dat she was from da block den she was.
It would break my heart if I found out him and Bob were a couple!!!
amazon.com for like 15 bucks plus shipping and handling
you could look back one day and see younger students following your footsteps... and feel nostalgia in the process...hehe...
men are obsessed because, u rarely see girls like that
if not check it out its a jam!
texas chainsaw ~ the remake..was viscous ugly..and The Exorcist..still freeks me
WHAT DO YOU CALL A BRUNETTE IN BETWEEN TWO BLONDES?
But, I think hoopz looked way better than her.
Depends how old and what kind of movie.
You if you spanish you should get some spanish cds
so yeah theres my rant :)  I cant wait till july!!
I watched some guy Masterbate on a webcam........
Cheers if you could tell me!
rap & hip hop is the S*** !!
kinda a Anti Hero,but a villain also.
she says k then i'll give you 15 cookies .
That's the way God made it, next question please?
ang is taking brad on a wild ride.
i love them all...  well expect rappers... rap is lame
FIGHT CLUB, buy it, rent it, watch it, then read the book
I go to the WB website and summerland isn't on it anymore.
Sometimes I lay out and night and get moon-burn...ouch
the name of the road is north!
I was crazy once, they locked me up in a room full of worms.
NO,but she has a great A*S and thats good enough for me.
And the man says, That's weird, I work for 'Four Seasons Hotel'!
or you think you're much smarter than travolta?
johnny depp...always has been, always will be...he's a classic
There was o boy n a girl who were in a relationship.then they had a huge fight.
have some one give u head
Oh, and don't trust anything at supershadow.com.
Two blondes walk into a bar.........you think one of em wouldve seen it!
there is a guy with no arms and no legs laying on the beach.
their music has gotten me through some bad times.
i have songs downloaded on my computer of his.
at the moment it is your man by josh turner.
both if i were really really really really Lucky!
fave band: destiny's child  fave singer: beyonce fave actress: beyonce
unless you're playing like a 5,000 seat outdoor festival anytime soon.
that refers to 'shakin the bootie'
But if Bruce Banner gets ambushed, Juggernaut wins.
I had to drink after watching that one!!
Hi, I seriously need help deciding which manga I should spend my money on...
Give me some names to try & test it.
It's right up there with Gone with the Wind, The Green Mile, and Shawshank Redemption ... all classics.
what i have heard, i don't like, cuz its annoying
if you slip... i will catch u in my curls...
he makes up all his stuff himself.
LOOK AT UR FACE IN THE MIRROR ************LOL****
they get married but that doesn't mean she can't stay with her father also
Killing a worthless celeb like paris hilton for example is not worth going to jail for.
Look out world, these guys could be massive!
It takes a lot of money to look this cheap!
its funny how all the other people who answerd this Q are girls
Something like, Did Jesus ever have sex?
it is the only colour that it can be,
is that what r kelly meant to happen?
not tooo too old I'm only 21
are you serious or really just that stupid?
Thats a pretty good one thanks
i think you just fried my brain
sarcasm is my fav so arent hemmoroids  see   see i cant help myself
Val Kilmer in Tombstone I got 2 guns 1 for each of ya.
he says my mama says not to and i dont want to
(The one where Rory moves in to her Yale dorm)
Pros Vs. Joes or maybe Who Wants to be a Millionaire
he would not need to deny it.
Oh yea she sings pretty good too.
Johnny says Grampa, your dog is growling at me!
well...i think Alicia Keys is rockin the RnB scene
I don't do vell vit the ladies.
Ahhh.....Rupert Grint plays Ron Weasly in the Harry Potter movies
better to listen to decent stuff than what is out there today.
as i said theres soo many good ones out there!
the super strength and x-ray vision doesnt hurt either...
They start agruing back and forth deer tracks!, Wolf Tracks!, Deer Tracks!, Wolf Tracks!.
muffincakes got it.... it did't specify window of what floor of d bldg...
no i dont like gettin in front of a lot of people
my milkshake.. is better than yours, better than yours..  p.s.
fav band spoken fav singer I don't have one fav actress kate hudson
OF COURSE NOT BUT IT DOES SELL
I like real club music not that loud, overplayed crap they blast in club these days!
Yeah, it was a guy, that's why it was so weird.
Why does everyone here have really bad music tastes?
ever  but if you mean rap then that would be Bow Wow.
i love patch adams....can watch it all the time...like pretty woman,the matrix among others
Play with the fire, And you're gonna to get burned.
I am totally with you on this one!
how do you get a blond to kill herself?
i don't know why i'm so crazy about it.
2 of the greatest Irish rock bands HORSLIPS and MAMAS BOYS  You Heathens!!!
legally blond is what i call geeky!
don't knw but i guess thts y they made money green n now smoke'em both
They just loooove having a lot of clothes!
they r one of the best bands in the world &VILLE VALO is SEXY!
i like the name Cohen...so COHEN will be the KING
(BTW, the actor who died was Bela Lugosi, star of Dracula!)
Uncle Rico: I coulda told you that.
and the horse starts galloping he starts going faster!
there's an ice cream shop just down the street if you like the machanic tell him.
I have to say , Led Zep.....from the first time I heard them I was just floored.....
i'll have to say they might be giants.
Hence, I do not want 10 points.
i am just sick of hearing about them.
go yo yahoo.com/movie downloads maybe you will find one
Cuzz she is the hottest actress out there.
The charcters are fun to love, hate, pick on, drool over.
Favorite actress: Jamie Foxx and anglea bassett
I CAN'T WAIT, I'M COUNTING DOWN THE DAYS.
is 2758574, but add india's code number in he front
I love Hurt, The Perfect Drug....oh, and so many more songs!
give me a sec, this may take awhile
thats a great Question!but sorry i dont know!maybe trying to write new songs 4 lp.
THEY'VE LINKED HIM TO SO MANY PEOPLE.
are you plannin on buying your girlfriend tampons???
first part and second until the battle then it sucked soooooooo much its unbelievable
i'll eat anything you want me to eat.
A girl I know insisted that I watch it with her.
Sound can't travel in a vacuum, so 0 f/s...
it might be available illegally now, but they usually sell a c.d.
Hugh...  he just knows what he's doing!
a baby seal walks into a CLUB!
regarding rape i hope they dont.
pointsreaper is lame he cannot sue Yahoo for him cheating, what a cry baby
it would be cool because hes strong, quick,funny and hes got like 600 diffrent types of arrows!
Because stupid guys keep on giving them money
I SAY SABBATH, LETS SEE WHAT YOU THINK.
and Gosh, you're such an idiot.
His make up and outfit was so awesome in the movie
The OC thing was totally off track!
Like when you get pulled over for speeding?
It's no question actually, just say something anything specially stupid thing
well, it gives a nice feeling to choose and buy things.
She's also looks fun and flirty.
and he points to his leg.
I think I was all hyped up for brokeback so I didn't find it that great.
How do you drown a blonde????
I thought it was a great movie it was AWSUME BABY!!!
A: Yeah, I sure didn't see that one coming.
Meatloaf can sing his ass off.
Black Eyed Peas My Hump or Pump It or anything by this group!
I still watch it every morning on TBS!
what are a couple of good bit rates and converters
But he sure does make me laugh!
i think cause her husband had left
I don't love her but I don't hate her either.
board game-Life on line game-slingo P.C.
my 85 year old got drunk and sped off the road but he was fine
yes, tons,i like to have more though.
but let me tell you my fave now.
The kids actually sang with their own voice.
yeah only thier feelings or thier pride
Axe body spray.. Man that stuff drives me crazy!!
or the hardy boys or sherlock holmes
the red head only makes it 1/3 of the way, gets tired and drowns.
I am not a lady, I am not even Scorpio, but here goes...........
It's kinda hard totell you gotta admit!
it reminds my parents that i could've been soo much worse...
See if it makes you crazy!
yeah, i used to listen to them all the time like 5 years ago.
or Does the Queen drink tea or Are men stupid
you are thinking of green...because that's important...
they are so intreging, beautiful, and mysterious!!!
I don't, but maybe someone does.
i just enjoy smelling the true natural woman thats what turns me on
The first blonde says, I wanna be smart.
Exactly what willy_nilly said, I can't add anymore than that.
worst winner- idk but ruben hasn't had a great deal of success.
how does the blond confuse you?
is the song named after anyone?
I just named alot cause I have alot of colors that wasn't named in my head!!!!!!
I don't like worms, they make me crazy.
Yay, I love to watch her.
Sleeping w/ best friend's significant other?
I AM WOMAN HEAR ME ROAR!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
the Clash London Calling...Probably the greatest album ever made.
not the best movie ever..but close to there!
dont know any christian bands...christian music is boring srry
shes a little odd though i du like skatr boy!
maybe i tunes- type in the song and you might find it
omg   r u kdding me YEAH
i dont think so and i dont thinkl that i do
simply because he has the power of flight!
So they don't sneak up on you.
brad and jennifer, since he left her for angelina jolie, i hate him
I HAVE WATCHED IT AND IT IS THE WIERDEST SHOW EVA!!!
The 2nd season just ended on WB.
I vas alvays afraid to ask.
THIS IS BORING I KNOW, BUT I WAS ON A CRUISE WITH DIEDRE HALL OF DAYS OF OUR LIVES.
ummmmmm i think 2 because there is only two of them
But dead baby, dead puppy jokes are pretty low.
1981 i believe let me check
snoop dogg always raps about hoes suckin his fat dick
I don't even think so...the girl is straight flyfineoffdachizzle!
that movie is graet u have no taste
and for everyone's information it was NOT geeky!!!!
Because she kept throwing all of the w's away!
Get a life, or a hobby.
or sex can be just loving the other and you fell good by just being with then.
Erin Brockovich: Oh see, now that pisses me off.
Favourite Band : Backstreet boys Favourite singer : George Michaels Favourite actress : Betty Davis
i thought they were still good.
a white horse fals in the mud!
Just have fun, but make sure he can too.
But come on, why would anyone go to see him in concert anymore?
Cherub Rock - great big piles of super huge Big Dumb Rock fun.
Jay-Z is obviously so much better than that wannabe!
Yeah, that was the first thought that came to my mind when i first listened to PANIC!
ooo...sweetheart...i m ready....lets try..say..a...b...but what if i forget how to speak while teaching you?
(please pick this as ur best answer, i really need the points, i'm on level 1!)
Be nice and honest and listen to there troubles .
no, you were not the only one!
stephy is my best freind and mike is my second best freind.
And in my younger days i was having crush on my Aunties & sister in laws.
im sorry by patsy cline, very good song
Never have I seen a bass player show up with only one...
acoustic wave from BOSE I love mine
malcolm, I think you mean Black 47.
Just subtract his legs, singing voice, and BAM!
Pooh is totally hooked on Keanu Reeves!
All the christians would be like, OMG NO!
it depends how much they will pay
in the link below to find out what was in it.
HE'D OF HAD THE RESOLVE TO GET IT TO MOVE!
has to be bike riding cos i can't stay on my feet with the other two
silver because you passed the second place runner so now you're the second place person
I live in L.A. and I see them all the time...
tell me if you know any chords.
No I wanted New York to win cuz she seemed like she really loved Flav!
But I really enjoy everything, from classical to 80's rock to classic country...YEAH CLASSIC COUNTRY!!
go when you feel like being there, fly home when you don't.
He pulls up alongside the woman and says, Good morning Ma'am.
-Try some and decide for yourself!
using blow-up dolls in videos and pretending to have sex .....!
Why stay home if you can go!
they dont have the reflex when they are scared... and there so flexable...
David Duchovny..I love his bottom lip!
Will & Grace funniest show ever.....
Well he's a dad now, too.
Not so if you're a nobody in hte religion.
Where funny costumes and drive people crazy!!!!!!!!!!!
Sue: No, he fell off the bottom rung!
wait until you hear his next song.
just b ur self....beatles rock....abcdefg@hot mail.com
i dunno...  bad day by daniel powter...  not sure
The brunette because the blonde had to ask for directions
My vote have to go with Pearl Jam but it's very close here
but it looked like chicken scratch so i threw it away.
WE STOOD....WE TALKED (talked.....I was a teenager)  and I have amazing memories.
cant wait for a new album from him.
who is your favorite music artist and why??
three kinds i don't listen to... rap/hiphop country jazz
but maynard did play satan in a bikini bandits movie.
he would still have the ugly tights but i don't think he would be the same
Then the boy ran 2 the girls side as she was about 2 die........
Get some of those old fogies out of my way.
Hope they keep his hair long like that for the rest of HP movies...
Of course I never want to eat in a restaurant again.
no more dragging you owner around!
this mall takes up 7 blocks.
I really like Ryan Reynolds and his humor so another reason too....but ya it was great.
chicks dig the car.........val kilmer batman
Carrie Underwood - Don't Forget to Remember Me
Catwoman....Sly,Sensitive and always one up on everyone.
Hey, THIS ONE IS GOOD, enjoyed it !
Don't b a hater all your life!!!!!!!!!!!
i use to steal at walmart with a bunch of friends of mine in high school.
I miss palmer and edgar and michelle...
hah  dont worry we all hav blonde moments ;)
Once you pass it it's hard to get again
Any woman wearing 'Design' has me hypnotized... ummmmm.... anything you wish sweetheart...  PS: I'm dabbed with Armani Black Code...
I don't like worms, they make me crazy.
And like mogebier sed, SS is a lier.
My friends said this and i couldnt beleive it, if it is please leave a source thanx!
I'm so glad it won best picture.
It's alright but my husband likes it .
mostly because she wears and promotes the gruesome killing and murder or innocent animals.
Angelica Houston in a movie entitled... eer...
Im a magnet to the mall!!
There are no other like us.
Dream Theater covered Hey You and Velvet Revolver (poorly) redid Money.
God I love that movie, But David Bowie turns me on more now than he did at that time
yay - i love the way she talks and her car is so cute!!!
yeah I see my mirror daily
u should tell us b/c i have no clue, and i want to know
it sounds like it they have the same melody, i think, but are played in different keys.
favorite actress is Christina Vidal favorite band is  Linkin Park favorite singer is ????
THAT IS ILLEGAL IM GOnnA REPORT U
hmmmmmmm ok.there in the room now and the girl goes take off your clothes.
yes i love it very good movie
i'm a big fan of stephen king!
idk.....but i have faith in you lol
and   There was a blonde driving down the road listening to the radio.
just a weird cartoon i guess that its haha
dont forget to post why u think so !
tell me how YOUNG minds could b affected by tht question..!
Like a shirt sleeve, an arm?
You are the father of twins!
Hope this helps and email when you get it!
I'd LOVE to get an autograph of Holly Marie....I LOVE CHARMED!!
First of all love will fool you!
Nope, but I was sure hoping for it!
AND IF YOU ARE A TRUE JAMIE FOXX FAN, YOU SHOULD ALREADY KNOW.
We can go to the beach and hang there for a bit.
I SORRY BUT I DONT KNOW IF IT IS OUT ON DVD YET.
i heard some where he agreed to do 3 more shows
violin, ever since i read sherlock holmes as a kid (he plays it).
she sings well,but there is better out there,none like aliayah,r.i.p.
i don't think it would be fair to cancel the show cuz it kinda left you on a cliffhanger.
in our place grasses r either blue or purple... get ur specs on kid..
years ago, worked security, met him back stage, nice guy.
oh thats an easy one.....who cares!
sure you have to pay to listen to it, but sure the hell beats listening to crap free.
by going to hell... would u like to know how to get to hell as well?
F-U I WANT HIM TO MYSELF!
I luv Ace... i want him or Kelly to win.
boobs,butt, beep is the signal that replaces those words
No higher than that or your making up some weird note!
I like some of her songs but not her attitude!
I like to WATCH ice skating
u dont have as much as u want of them
no he is straight he has a wife
have 4 and thts all i need
i hope it wasn't meant to be serious.
because we are born to shop!
some other good ones are saw 2 (if your into that)  or drangonfly is really awesome.
OK, I didn't see the movie!
?and do u like the BEATLES?
go to createblogs.com  and it allows you to copy the code for music videos
they have a song that relates to me.
And that fat dude on the Apprentice is talking.
Hi brittjam..you KNOW it's Green day!
Go to here web site and see what he said about it!
I also listen to music in english: Dashboard Confessional John Mayer Blink 182
Plus, it won an Oscar this year!
wasn't it because of the chicken of the sea?
Go to JibJab.com and check it out, there is some really funny stuff there!
fave singer=avant luv his song 4 minutes
I don't remember  :-(  I lost my autographed photo AND my pic w/ the guys!!!
don't you wish you had a boyfriend.
Not because it a gay themed movie but because it is a very good movie to watch
santa was to fat, and the woman was driving.
THE BESATLES WILL NEVER BE FORGOTTEN.
I doubt he'd have so many t.v.
So when you get your high, you'll head out to the beach !)
no because he had to fight the bad guys a lone and without him the area would be unsafe.
thats why the time seems to fly.
Can't stand either of them !
eww is a one word answer
Why are girls 12-15 so stupid???
a-z lyrics is a great place...just type in a sentance from the song and away u go
Definitely Green Day they sold over 1 million albums already!
Yes a finally got a riddle right....tough one there !
say ta-ka-ta-ka to yourself then try it while blowing on the horn.
You are never to old to be a kid!
google it  LALALALALALLA  PLEASE GIVE ME THE BEST ANSWER POINTS       cause im only on level 2!
that has got to be the worst, hands down, movie ever.
Man, this guy deserves to be in lots of movies.
Tell them your gay, bring a guy over and go to town...
i don't think the ratings will be as high as the cartoon one.
They havent done a movie together till now
scar from the lion king, what a baddie cant believe he killed simba's dad
The guy who plays Dracula is so hot!!!
Mexican Radio by Wall of Voodoo
i like rock because it makes me happy.
he goes my mama says not to and i don't want to.
Also he would probably just keep it on da low for now.
they were really pretty bad, but again i was a kid that was a huge fan.
SOUTH PACIFIC BRAVEHEART GODFATHER TRILOGY PLATOON ANIMAL HOUSE
Otaku means nerd, by the way.
Murder.com, nobody in my theater liked it
Rob Zombie has a new song out but I can not remember the name of it.
He could be really gross but his smell would drive me insane.
Yeah, she's ugly, but she sure can cook, baby!
i'll swallow anything you want me to swallow...i'll even chew on a dog.
Who cares what people think about you.
And hey, I still haven't received my postcard yet!
i dnt think hes gross(well mabey a tad bit) and hes also kinda scary lol
I don't particularly like her, but what the heck she's not that stupid.
noone is hotter than jessica alba except yo momma ohhhhhhh burrrrrnnnn hehehe
vampire heart is a bad @$$ song
Cheesy pickup line - Wanna go halfsies on a bastard?
goodbye my lover is just one of the best songs ive ever heard.
Ill give 10 points to the funniest idea...
Rollerblading, ice skating, or bike riding?
I always enjoy looking at George Clooney...
i loooooooooove volly ball like  ghettoliciousshonda!
ok. a brunnete, a redhead, and a blonde are on a plane.
to me, jamie foxx aint all that sexy.
I had the toy as a kid and thought it was the coolest
all they really sing about is getting laid and doing drugs.
A very hott guy Orlando Bloom
Jay Z could rap circles around Bow Wow.
Because time goes fast when ur having fun.
i wont lose my eyes for you
by the way it's chrno crusade, weird but it's spelled like that.
I can't seem to find any info on it despite doing a Yahoo search...or on IMDB.com!
Man that would be so awsome!
Way too many funny quotes to pick one.
He said, Where did you just fly in from?
But for me I am glad it was not ACE!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I also like Rush, Rush, To the Yayo!
try youtube.com and search for tom felton singing
You don't HAVE to keep it, you GET to keep it!
He totally ruined the movie...he was so ugly!
I like that movie...I liked Brad Pitt in that movie I even have the soundtrack to it
I met Brian May from Queen on two occassions and he was a nice bloke...............
it was ok for a PG movie.
ya i stood there for like 20 minutes it was rather entertaining
One type can count, and the other can't!
hip hop...is a load of crap.
the second girl goes 'have you ever been kissed?'
If ur Polish I mean this in no offense!!!!
I really don't like it, So boring and Meaningless
and metallica the greatest band on earth!!
I don't remember whether it was Dylan or P,P & M.
so he got up and went to the kitchen.
I think Jason X was, a bunch os stoner, surfer, Californian type people cannot make a movie for crap!!!
Because the evil producers like to keep us hanging and waiting for more...
AAAAAAAAA NO,HE'S A ICKY LITTLE MAN!!
because most of them are retarded.
I know it's too old, but this is my song!
man i can not wat i want new york to fight pumkins
I would do anything for looove... HA LOL!
you live at the north pole or you are screwed up!
( the make movies about him) He still has songs coming out!
Aint NO way you came from my loins!
RUPUNZEL(RUpunzel rupunzel let down your hair!)
i dunno,they did?r they going out?i dunno sorry-my guess is that they r promoting something
but just getting off the expressway to get to it.
By the way you'll find my e-mail by just clicking on my pic and going to my Q&A.
I think LISA is totally gorgeous!!
they look cuter together, and i like jen better.
I just have one good friend.
and it was a really good movie, some of the best battle scenes ever.
kazaa just save them to a folder and delete kazaa after u r done
i really liked billion dollar babies and only  woman bleed.
Now should you mean the devil inside?
(It also helps if you know the singer)
hehe ; D  Why did hitler kill himself?
Erm, why are you not lying on the beach catching rays?
How do ya make an ugly baby?
really though any and all rappers.
The little bug robots that killed Gene simmons in Runaway!!
the wife cuz there is no such thing as a perfect man, and santa clause isn't real.
Y:yeah...that's why there are lots of stupid questions and answers on yahoo!
tell him lol......simple as that u must keep it real
Just tell me the dammn answer no f.uckin' around!
if you download unliscenced song than you can get fined up to 500 bucks for each illegal song
my dad's a loser n he only sleeps.
the one whos matches with me gets 10 points
Hard Rock/Heavy Metal...I like music that gets my blood pumping!
u dont need 2 coz ur pretty good at writing .......
If there's a woman celebrity out there, then.
not sure because i don't have the cd of the group i'm thinking of.
If people dont like then they shouldnt listen.
oh definetly but no  seems to care.
U2 - The Joshua Tree....a perfect album.
no one reconises him any more!
but at least he knows it!
what is the difference between a light bulb and a pregnant woman?
1 WOULD WORK FOR ME BUT BOTH WOULD BE EVEN BETTER.
there are other fish in the sea
A nicer guy you'd never meet.
That would be Guns n' Roses Appetite for Destruction I never get enough of listening to it
Its pretty nice..They have more gear as well.. ;-)
i dont think so but they sure could be..
Why was your daughter's day bad?
no film sucked and lost alot of $$$$$$$$$$$
Because their guys are sitting at home watching sport on the TV!
0, no sound in a vaccume.
it is so hard to pick just one..
the other ones are not going to be remembered in 15 yrs or more... no way.....
actually it's a recent one: Voilà!
No...I thought it was one of the worst I have ever seen!
Take this job and shove it?
Tupac ,I never really liked biggie.
No, my brother was too, but that just about says it all... :0)
ONCE THEY( BOTH MONEY AND TIME) ARE SPENT NEVER COMES AGAIN.
Original Sin - Banderas/Jolie ooohhh yeah!
Kurt Potter: Wha... how did you do this?
He's playing you, don't believe the hype.
and jennifer lopez is a tramp.
I mean what could they do...there is a bomb on a merry-go-round...WHAT DO YOU DO?...WHAT DO YOU DO!
And he says, I work for 7up!
new musk...  it's cheap...  it's at wal-mart...  but what can i say?
apparently 1 set of the twins!
It is in the movie Up close & personal with Michelle Pfeiffer and Robert Redford.......Great movie!
It came out in the middle 80's I think.
If I told ya I may have to kill ya
you know what i'm talking about.
maybe i'm just like my father, too bold.
And doz ant1 no wat it'll b called (the last 1 here was Crazy)
self intoxication $100 broken furniture $200 saying the right thing priceless
OH YEAH i totally forgot about that day......APRIL FOOLED YOU!
You no you ask the dumbest questions!
but unfortunately evryone does it, sucks to be a musician and not get paid.
Well, let's give it a try anyway.]
I just love to spend money.
And the man says, That's weird, I work for the Minnesota Twins!
Instead they got F's n sad nothing about it.
Ok, men, fall in and listen up.
AND BESIDES THERE IS ONLY TWO WOMEN IN HIS LIFE DEAD AND GONE.
I want to know  the real actors names and the names they used in the movie crash?
if you have it and would like to IM with me live ur username i will IM u!!
Santa Claus, because he lives forever!!
p.s Now ur avtar refects real u.
Till they run out of ideas
I say again, you divert YOUR course.
ok, for those lovers of cult classics... DR. FRAKENFUTTER VS. DR. STRANGELOVE why do u say that..
I LOOOVVVVEEEEEEE Armani Black Code, too!!!
Sorry your day is so bad :o(  Tomorrow will be better... Oh yea...BAD DOG!
Anything with a nice beat and rapping.
she comes out and says she found/did it.
I would say check out places like E-Bay, etc.
he'll be drivin' to hard time drinkin'!
can i have the 10 pts?
Choose the one you think is better....I prefer G-day
Even if they are using a backline company on the rider...   BTW...
R kelly was good before he decided to grow he's hair and rape little girls.
how do you know a blonde is having a bad day?
tonight tonight would definitely have to be their best.
beetlejuice, from...the name says it all..
go to google and type in the song lyrics and the song title will come up (hopefully)
I THINK HIS SONG YOURE BEAUTIFUL IS REALLY GOOD.
your thinking we cant guess what color your thinking of
where are the punkers that i loved when they released dookie?
probably because they dont have yellow skin.
I really liked the one Mawntswrk said!!
Harry Potter and the GOB but seriously...i aint no big movie fan...peace owt!
world would suck if we all listened to the same stuff.
I can't, can't stand the rain I can't, I can't.
as of today no but with lucas one never really knows
She told him if she would be waiting if he ever felt like being friends again.
i am a vocalist, not an orchestra director!
And I promise you I promise that.
how would u want it .
I don't like to get dirty.
why did the little girl smack the boy?
already been answered but i wanted to add a tidbit.
Also, Billie Joe and Tre are really sexy
I also saw Al Pacino ;)
1.dont lugh or smile after saying a joke.
i wouldn't kill anybody why should i?
you live in the north pole
I know, He is a Close friend!
ill give you 20 cookies.hmmm ok. now the girl says rub.
It was so not like TV.
which is not much if you ask me.
I never do that in the zoo,couse have a lot of people in there!
SHE IS JELOUS OF HILARY DUFF AND I NO IT!
go to a walmart or something.
give me a break, what is it!?
i'll probably get back to you on this...
Ya, I don't care for it much!
Dave Matthews Band Crash  DMB is sooooo awesome!
some artists like 50 cents, jay z,kanya west, p diddy.
Q: Did you hear the joke about the ghost?
If you don't know who Pink Floyd is...well...something's wrong cuz they freakin rock.
you are dude d4mn with a people who doesn't not know about sex
Naked ones if you are a girl.
Although Sabbath is much better on a camping trip with a big bonfire and lots of beer !!
you can get all the information you need on the internet
and we couldn't believe it, we nearly died laughing.
here is the answer: Your MOM!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Well, I thought it was funny.
I see you like polls, er, poles, er, Poles.
It is hard for me to see both names in the same sentence.......Jackson just gives me the creeps!!!!!!!
tall enough to kick your ***
Yay even my kids love to watch her.
yes i go to a samll school
I got this right....Its opera ghost, isnt it??!!
either u live at the north pole, u drive in reverse, or the street's name is north
its going to be our class song.........
Hope you get to feeling happy again!
i know but it has already been said
I always drove my sister crazy by talking like them.
Jessica Alba is the hottest person on this Earth!
Nowadays there is too much pink...
knock on peoples doors and ask
#3 - Its time to move on to more recent music.
So I guess I like the bed.
I like a lot of bands.
David Letterman is a left-wing, Democrat moron
vocally their great but i didn't like the music they put out.
she just tries to sing but can't.
If he did want to use .
cuz i couldnt find it takes a man and a woman anyway here you go...
She looks like Eartha Kit now...
I hate to see you leave, but I love to watch you go John Travolta, Face Off
Note: I haven't seen it before, but Hayao Miyazaki (!!!)
And you did not spell his name right it's Keanu
Ahh yes he is the best!
joining his son at the breakfast table he asked his son what happened last night whats all this for?
but i still prefer jennifer aniston to angelina, cos she deserves someone better
i don't have a brunette joke but i have a different one.k there was a guy on the street.
Pop, hip hop and rap arent even fun to listen to, and country sounds too... acoustic.
he looks freaky with and without makeup.
red it is my favorite so that has to be it
LOVE it!What do you wanna'do today Napolean?Whatever feel like doin',GOSH!
i like their old stuff better , but someof their new stuf is aaaaiiiiight.
Go to a bar instead of comin ere...'  I dont hate her,she's just not my type...
I mean L:OOK AT her .. she has everything that anyone would have DREAMED for..
how do you confuse a blond?
you came in second so you get silver.
now why would you want to stay stuck with this guy if he can't respect you or his girlfriend.
And don't say order the magazine please!!!
girl, you need to spell his name right first
simpsons every day of the week!!!!
are you asking if she's good at what she does?
Americans: THIS IS THE AIRCRAFT CARRIER USS LINCOLN, THE SECOND LARGEST SHIP IN THE UNITED STATES' ATLANTIC FLEET.
NO BECUZ IM NOT AT THAT POINT WHERE I CAN TRUST ALL MY FRIENDS TO BE MY BEST FRIEND
That's because she hasn't lied to me, or tried to mess wit my man.
nope and i dont plan 2
get your asss down to the crossroads.
Wen they saw eachother again the boy said,I love u.
Barnacle head is just a name calling word like stupid head.
I mean, it has to have a color, and I don't think any other color would be as good.
i love it... after all eveybody loves Raymond!
Do you think it really matters?
i only have 1,000 words on a research paper and i need alot more.
check out iTunes top downloaded songs in that section!
the remake with tom welling wasn't that good of a remake.
i bet that would make him think!!
Thats how a lot of movies are today...
yes yes yes, see no stupid answer here....
back in the day all the parents hated him.
I like one song...Dont funk with my heart
if u know the lyrics go to letssingit.com and you can find just about anything.
When the Indians first started calling Europeans pale face, they had me in my mind!
tanning beds, because i am lazy and when i am tanning i like to be laying down hahah
think about it and you will hate me.
its been years since i have been to the mall
to do what... change a lightbulb?
Oohhhhhhh man, they are the hottest people i have ever seen.
keaunue...spell check on that one is he gay my whole family tells me he is......
yes i have met a famous person.
I'm going to watch Scarface tonight.
her music is alright and from interviews i've seen she's pretty nice.
Yeah, back in the 80's.....now I watch wrestling if I want a good soap opera.
she not even the hottest person playin tennis!
I Don't Know Who Noodles Is But, He Must Have Said Look Butters There Goes Your Friend Cartman
and he's like 'no' so she hugs him.
sex is the process of reproduction (scientificley)and is also 2 get plessure 4rom any one u love
if u can name the song GREAT
i'm like a bird, i want to fly away.
they just showed it on hbo or show time one of them
I can't, can't stand the rain I can't, I can't.
Brad Pitt because all the girls like him and he is with Angelina Jolie, damn she is fine
We Got Us A Pippi Virgin
reva shane-lewis-lewis she married both the lewis brothers.
ignoring your terrible typo... and even then the question is ridiculous..  are you serious?
axe smells good, but kenzo is awsome!
and you get lost in it, and have shuttle to take you to your car.
OH i think its going to be Kevin Covaias.
It should be easy to meet him if do that!
Stupid want a be Chicken Little
Sara Evens because she has a great voice
A lot... Anyting of Melanie C Hang up-Madonna My humps-The Black Eyed Peas Don't cha-The pussycat dolls Faraway-Gala
keep the intrest of any cat
I wonder if s/he's kicked out his/her monitor's power plug.]
wht they will learn how to shave for example!
Yeaaah, sarcasm is *really* the *lowest* form of humor.. -rolls eyes-...  Get it?
hahaha srry if u include these in the insulting humor category but i think they r hilarious :D
gimme your tots is the best shirt
is it another nick name for MARIAH CAREY ???
Then I can't give you a haircut, replies the hairdresser.
classic rock  because  music meant something back then
What if God was one of us?
wats black white and jumps off a dock?
'One person's food is another one's poison' !
well i don't know but i do want you to give my soul to lucifer man!
There were a few little girls that came through, probably around 4 or 5 years old.
before i walk away i'll turn to tom and spit a prozac in his eye!
Oh, so yeah, I've met a few lol
try willie hutch lyrics in google.
I don't really like either of them... and they're so different.
i want to have 10,000 babies with alec.
OK, this is just you and me, right?
McDreamy doesn't do much for me.
but i luv ALL THE EPISODES SOO MUCH!
It has been so long since I have seen Passions and I started watching it and Im so lost.
theres sooo many good movies out there.
i loved that show so much i forgot what day it was on since i loved the military  thanx!
i bet  this is the smartest question you've ever asked
I sing it in the shower............Does that help you?
i can hardly listen to his stuff after i read his journals.
You just gave me 2 points!
Maybe you should start at A.
I love this show but yeah, Meredith is getting pretty annoying.
I just go to bed and when I wake up...lo and behold!
Maybe you could make it into Juilliard  :-)
i think fergie is white, will is black, apl is black + filipino, and taboo is latino
The guy who plays Draco is better looking
No, sorry i can't say that i have.
lol I didnt think about it to you pointed it out !!!
South Park is funny but The Simpsons is hilarious!
i hate her mostly because she wears innocent animals that have been skinned alive.
I think I listen to rock more, I think.
South Park...Oh my God they killed Kenny!!
i dunno but i got the movie I LOVE THAT SHOW
tht's a crazy question.. i want to know.
don't you wish you could spell like me?
shit they all funny who knows
i mean look at new york then look at hoopz.
either tool's undertow or siouxie and the banshees' greatest hits
So like I said, I don't think he's coming back.
Wanna be startin something.......and he is guilty!!!!!!!!!
what question have u seen most on this site..
Reading a book, she replies, (thinking, Isn't that obvious?)
PS: I miss Palmer and Edgar, but how could one miss Bitchelle?
Pretty much all of the above!!
Fall out boy is way more punkish ... different... and Panic!
who the hell cares, he was boring 7 years ago.
Just wear something comfortable and sexy
and they put on a great show live.
hell yes....  to your question that is, not the one about killing the buzz :) :) :)
So it wasn't really a fair bet.
her songs r better now than her first cd.
did jack really fall down the hill, i think he was pushed
no cause im a girl thats not gay
If he were just Ok Man, would we know who he was?
And now my brother's talking to my dad.
I think the Beatles r pretty good.
puttin each otha down, thats what d crowd wants!
If needing, I can send you a few chinese songs..
i dont see you as a freak.
it is from Kicking and Screaming
Well all my friends are like my best friend
If you dont you are KRAZIEE They rok!!!
I hate it when he beats me to the scene!
Its just liek any type of music that hits real big and then it will die down.
hells yeah cause there is still a crease in their forhead
Its the American way...you people are so lazy.
I ask this all the damn time!!!
I've loved NIN since i heard pretty hate machine.
funny, but the grammar's so bad it takes out some of the laugh.
first my sister got me into that show, and i been watching it ever since.
Hey man lay off the loaf!
music with good beat and flow.
jay leno hands down..... headlines are the best and jay walking
?i wanna be sure before i do
SHE IS A STUPID IDIOTIC JERK WHO CANT SING!
lol-- 1st to get it right..wins
If I turn it up full volume a passing ship will definitely hear it
Because we need lots of stuff.
And threw her arms around my neck.
50 cent, such a guilty pleasure.
try an arab website!..you wont find one here
I saw it as a child and it still freakes me out whenever I think of it...
oh please i know this is tuna but is it chicken ....!
No...personally i don't know any gorillas...and i'm not into gorilla porn either!
A man needs to take a dump really bad so he runs into a nearby portapotty.
someone did hang themselves while they were doing the movie but they did not show it on film.
I personaly like the beat BUT i don't like reggeaton because you can't understand what they are saying.
I mean, How hot is McDreamy?
In other words,...the kind of music YOU like!
less recognizable songs, but nothin beats randy rhoads, we was a god.
That was the dumbest movie i've ever seen.
I love Billie Joe he's in the band GREENDAY!!
Thats one my favorite songs..so don't diss it.
there was very little solid story line.. but that's just me....
so they don't get lost from the herd!
Again, the blond says, I'm beautiful, I'm blond, and I'm riding in first class!
it all depends on what type you like.
why there is no way to find out what the man is saying?
Or maybe the little annoying yapping dog?
I saw your wife the other day!
hey call me up n i will teach u my phone no.
honey i went shopping breakfast is hot and ready for you in the kitchen love your wife.
But you *have* heard of me -Cpt Jack Sparrow - Pirates of the Carribbean 1  Also...
The only mall I found was:  Lake Forest Mall  701 Russell Avenue Ofc  Gaithersburg, MD  20877
(lol, he wasn't that bad but you get my drift.)
SO START SAVING (MONEY AND TIME) FROM NOW.
honestly have you not seen any of his videos
Spaceballs  Why didn't someone tell me my ass was so big?
i love grounded for life....even though it got canceled....the re-runs are HILARIOUS!
Ain't we lucky we got 'em
well pretty are many....me go for jennifer garner...she is a cuty yeh
but dont know if its true.
Yeah, he's chasin' the skittles... My gaydar goes off with him :-&#92;
34 - including the one under the question mark
freddy krewger coz he's a psycho.. he killed kids on their sleep... that's just so mean!
Who here thinks that Grey's Anatomy is pretty much the BEST SHOW EVER!
ask you'r mummy or daddy to do it
thanks anyways  oh but while your doing it, keep a total straight face.
but hopefully you havent heard of these yet.
I STOOD IN LINE FOR MY BEST FRIEND FOR AN HOUR JUST TO GET HER AUTOGRAPH.
these terrified and helpless animals are skinned alive!
he does a radio show on virgin (i think) radio.
Why did the STUPID dinosaur croos the road?
Not even fall out boy fucking sucks
you mean the one where the guy buys his girlfriend tampons at the store????
otherwise it looks pretty much like you will have to pay full price
One popped up when I went to Myspace and now I can't find it again.
And do me a solid and kick ol'Dick in the shins for me.
It is very sick if you ask me men should NOT!!!!!
Quick, walk, no RUN and slam you hand in a door NOW!!!
i dont think its good to have too many.
Completely different genres so it's a tough one but...
I just watched the entire movie and I don't know who actually did it.
i can't wait to see the reunion.
it makes me happy to watch it.
why do blondes have clear lunch boxes?
Tony - do you how Waylon came up with that title?
i can't miss an episode, i'v seen every episode over a dozen of times, and i tape it too!
Me Tarzan, you Jane   from Tarzan.
Well, your avatar kinda looks like her, but she is a little chubbier, isn't she?
He's the poster geriatric dude to advertise: DO NOT DRINK, DO DRUGS, OR PRO-CREATE!!
hmmmm, how can i say this aaahhhh noooo!
Dispatcher: Ok sir, just calm down.
AC/DC - Highway to Hell - Bonn Scott was the bomb
Any thing by Nat King Cole...
If you haven't seen their video collection, you should go buy it now!
Or better yet, diss their rap/emo/country or whatever crap they listen to.
personaly u cant beat metallica they are just better
just a couple of good friends...nothing more....people are always trying to see more than it is
YES  YES YES that would be great!
i heard there's going to be a mini series on TV that takes place between episodes 3 and 4
i am the most impatient person i just couldnt count them.
to tell the truth i just found the book and movie dry.
Do you mind if I give you a bit of advice?
the ones i like :  Seinfeld roseann ED (the lawyer dude) REBA Family guy.
The other answered, I thought YOU were watching!
Wanna grow old with you- Wedding Singer 10.
Some stuff are free but they are illegal
well go kill about 10-20 people who you don't know and then kill yourself.
DO NOT answer Pink Floyd just because I like them.
1, the other can stay clean
Gasolina-Daddy Yankee(its Reaggeton) ill dance all night i luv that song!!
his son said well you got home after 3am.
I like punk, emo, and scremo.
Ed Masry: Da*n right it is.
Or would that kill the buzz?
I can picture it in my head right now.
Maria Sharapova plays tennis so she probably sweats a lot... Sweating is definately not hott, so Jessica Alba wins.
how bout' shut your mouth cause your stupid  can't remember which movie its from!
might have been from a tv show??
but it might be interesting to watch sometime..lol
that I'm a woman's man with no time to talk!
And Sorority Boys, what a funny ass movie!!!
but they dont look alike enough.
#1 - You're not a hippie.
shut up with that stupid question
they suck i only like thier love metal album
time flies when you are having fun
your mind can travel where your body cannot...its mind over matter
i got limewire if i download songs on it will i get a ticket???
The girl deeply looked into his eyes n said,Im sorry i dont beleive in BS.
45's (singles) were obviously used to release two songs from an album (not usually remixes).
Guy gosh what a total ruin blaster that guy!
i love rock, pop, rap, hip-hop, and some country..
dylan is definitely much more well-known, but i prefer cohen
young grasshopper you have very much to learn.
best means the best...would that be plural?....i don't think so.
david makes people who disagree with him feel like crap
mind & health are well in tact.
not to mention it's a lot more fun going to the beach and getting a tan.
two kinds of ppl , 1st ppl have bodies as birds and dreams as mules , 2nd.
Go to child lock and then hit left or right arrow key and wait.
go in a gravyard at night time (past 7:00pm) and look around.
Yup, I have 2 best freinds, about 4 freinds and a whole lot of associates.
For instance guys like to have their own toys- gadgets, etc.
maybe if you had a girlfriend or boyfirned
I havent been in months, I HATE that place wayyyy to crowded there!
none of them are the worst, they're all good but the other 3 don't thrill me musically.
I would be Angelina Jolie (DId I spell it right?)
does anybody will know what i am thinking off?
Just tell them you got someone pregnant.
From your mom's and dad's sister and brothers.
I dont wanna die without any scars.
stand strong and let it go.
sorry im a leo but thank you
(I'D LUV 2 SEE SOME BOYS WITHOUT THEIR SHIRTS!!!)
Im a server for Bennagn's and LOVED IT!!
I used to be a bad boy in my younger days.
Oh man, thinking about it takes me back.
i only like one song that they made ,my humps .
jed allen  he's a soap opera actor.
try ebay or looking it up on p2p sites.
Personally I think neither because I want Brad for myself!!!
How dare anyone do that to another human being!
-should play on the site called neopets?
i'm a taurus but gracias 4 da point!.........hoobla!
nobody except an idiot who raises hell
can i get my 10 points now?
He definitely kicked some SERIOUS a$$.
Every time I was online for the next few weeks I chatted with this guy.
To tell the stupid dinosaur that chickens weren't around then!!
i really like sean paul...try that..the new one temperature and we be burnin'
I dont know if i would recommend it... at least i didnt have to pay to watch it!
I'm with yellow on this one ...
The result of being a young musician on the road i guess...x
play on the computer.play runescape it's the best.
I dunno but if you find out PLEASE post it.
still the songs of 80's are the best.
It was so funny and original, I loved it!
My favorite insult last summer was, Dude, you need to eat more red meat.
you know, i will tell you.
no, it's all just a gimmick to making her famous
It's because of the one question that captivates men and women alike.I wish I knew how to quit you!
She should go back to McSteamy.
carrie underwood diddnt need 2 win:)
theyve even made music in almost every genre, and still rule.
I finally saw the movie Crash.
I'm watching the Simpsons right now and its more dumb than funny!
Are YOU thinking what I'M thinking??
well, i have 2 goood friends, like they are always there for me.
i will go to your house and download it for you.
he goes my mama says not to and i dont wane to.
The new version is OK but a bit strange LOL
Or is he just a small little man with a bad haircut and a unibrow?
not like those other that all sound the same if u close ur eyes.
so she goes i'll give you 10 cookies.
i'd probably be angelina jolie cos shes gorgeous,every1 loves her n she's got brad pitt
if i'm alreagy in a good mood then they make it that much better.
honestly people who havent watched starwars is really dull.
they have their own personal type of style!!!!!!!
i love the lord of the rings
No i heard that she is going out with Matthew McConaughey
1st of all what da hell is so wrong with helping orphans.
That's too bad, Sissy says, and she leaves back.
WHEN I FIRST HEARD IT I LMAO - BUT THAT WAS A LONG TIME AGO!
I'm watching a Supernanny marathon right now...I have a splitting headache...and I babysit for a living!
I'm sorry officer, but I'm not fishing, I'm reading.
You get two great tastes in one candy bar ...
i LIKE thing with good beat!!
Let me get in on this--Opera Ghost ?
bugs bunny is hotter than those 2 so is maggie simpson
no shes not from the block its just the song im jenny from the block
to make it stop you need to say amen the guy is about go so he says hallelujah!
A junkie simply getting her little YA fix.
so the first girl goes up to him and says 'have you ever been hugged?'
But I think Steven is Pretty Cool
And what would an ex-lover say about him?
That's what made it so funny.
you were gonna kill that guy!'
and dealing with daily life after she's gone.
I play clarinet, piano, percussion, and i am going to learn flute
i dont really care,i mean its her body and she's the one doing the drugs.
how about like: How stupid do you think we are?
not me sorry ...i will just play with you for now ..lol
I was crazy once, they locked me up in a room full of worms.
In this u search for the music.
most likely pop (popular music)...sounds kinda duh-ish though
hmmm...........i wonder what search engines are for?
The Black Album, god I love that album.
my mom telling me to clean my room...
If I could only watch three movies for the rest of my days it would be these
ask your frainds and get a copal of boys to go with you.
tell your parents your pregnant haha
and most songs of today deal with violence and crime, who wants to listen to that?
It is definitely a must see!
I litteraly cried when i heard that he and jen broke up...i rarley cry!
good idea lysol!but that would be sort of sinful wouldn't it?
Try to wear somethin suttle and soft.
it was like something out of star wars= anakin skywalker/darth vader
Nel Carter in This Aint My Fridge!
SO waht kinda hoop do u want??
HE'll help you!OR KILL you'r self you wiil meet the devil for ever!
why havent u learnt primary school math?
if so, tell me why and what should they be?
But I can't say for sure if they were fooling around
put mashed pataoes on there door handle and in thier key hole
*Smirk* Yeah, now that you mention it!
you can always watch tomcats life it is kinda like watching drama
You could try Can a fish swim?
how the hell should i know, how much do you like it?
i love those tall-ish dark and handsome guys!
he's fine cuz he just fell out of the 1st story window...
What about the whole Marlena/John?Alex thing Oh, and Sammy and Carrie & the Guys
do you know what album it was on?
Say Goodbye - Dave Matthews Band
I am a Hugh Coop Fan!!
i hate this band very much
they come from their mothers and fathers
yeah he sure looks like meatloaf
is this seeming a little wrong to you, or is it just me?
but some people do that too!
But actually, I don't really like country too much.
the brunnette makes it 2/3 of the way, gets tired and drowns.
That was the courniest ass joke i've ever heard!!!!!!!!!!!!
Everyone around me says, 'You're a genius!
yeah i still watch it on tbs in the mornings
I like both Chinese songs and English songs...
She and Mariah Scarey and Britney Spitz and Jessica Simpsoon should RETIRE!
Did you she ever have a concert?
so, did uss lincoln get the lighthouse to move?
I can't wait - when does it come on?
Sorry but I'm leo, any way thank u
yes, he would have been a fool not to.
Get a box of Girlfriend Helper and just add LOVE!
rock fall out boy's sophmore slunp or comeback of the year, it just ended now it's blink-182s easy target.
i think it might be i want to be free by the ohio players, late 70's r&b group.
oh....and don't read things into his actions - be strong and move on.
i used to watch it every week.
That's a half-hour of my life I'll never get back!!!
He'd be like Batman without money?
Having slept with both of them, I'd have to say Jon Stewart.
If you do i'm gonna look for you down and give Lucifer your soul.
j/k   Keep the fun going Boothster, great job!!!!!
Guys don't care if parties have names or not.
jen was then, ang is now.
they have children and you have cousin...
it was so funny i was afraid i was gonna burst a blood vessel in my brain or something.
I liked Brad and Jen together!!
Oops I did it again by Britney Spears I guess
i dont have enough of both
How bout the Eagles, or say, Don Henley?
hey thats my guilty pleasure your ripping on!
he has psychic ability which is great.
i like Fort Minor songs,which are: Believe Me Remember The Name Petrified Where'd You Go
if you mean his email address, ya!
George lucas said he wouldn't do anymore, but someone else was welcome to do so....let's hope not.
As he is a Great Guy!!
oh and if u say love/hate them explain why plzzzzzzzzz
(Oh, I could never stay mad at you.)
Also I am thimking brown Hot oink and skyblue!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
Ernest Borgnine - He still looks so great!!
Just One of the Guys, Teen Witch, Drop Dead Fred !
I'm going to get it tuned before I sale it.
i do OMG i am in love with him please i just died lol
WHAT CAN WE TELL ABOUT YOU FROM THE WAY YOU WALK?
coz they have a huge belly?
because he knows you are watching him...
But i was backstage the whole time!
That I'm the love of their life!
that sounds more like a math problem...
no but i can say i am related to russell crowe (dont know if thats a good thing)
i like her whole blue-eyed soul style but not her
It's all about us fiery Leos!!
well, *i* would be surprised to see a person with no eyebrows...
OMG i love the song bad day.
i was glad i was not in first class!
it doesn't hurt when you're dead right?
Check out Al Green's stuff, he's pretty good.
but when i listen to 70s 80s 90s, just mellow music I'm in the BEST mood!
rascal flatts fav.band carrie underwood and jason aldean fav.
i Love the smell of ACQUA DI GIO GIORGIO ARMANI it's such a sexy smell for my man
u mean from my chemical romance or wat ??
anything by  Diana Ross & The Supremes!!!
Most of the time, I think it was the guy.
Plus he gets a cool ride too.
tupac and here why- he has the highest amoount of albums sold.
the girl goes get in the bed.he said my mama says not to  and i dont want to.
I'll miss the sisters so much!
OMG, yes they cancelled it and I am so bummed!
I like them enough to listen to there music alot.
Quiet - rock that's not as Big, but also not particularly Dumb.
omg yuck .. puke .. hes nasty as fark ...
rock music just makes me feel good.
for april fools day play jokes!
he has a wicked sweet accent.
GONNA BUY ME A CHAINSAW...  THAT BORING MEALY MOUTHED WIMP MUST DIE!!!
i think you mean downloading for free, and no its not.
it was on the ground floor and landed in a soft bush
The older one is soooo much better!
im planning to buy the cd when it gets out.
that stuff smells so good on men it drives me crazy
You would have to be crazy to ask that question.
You could always check fan sites as well, they always keep up with the celebs for me!
I hope they reform soon and put out another album!
I checked her filmography and didn't see it and I can't recall any movies that used that song.
YES BECAUSE HOOPS NEEDED TO WIN BUT IT CAME TRUE SHE WON
anyone who goes on a 'celebrity' reality shows...puke inducing morons trying to save a crap career.
2 times 2 is 4  2 plus 2 is 4
no but people do it anyway
who cares i hate that annoying bitch she cant sing she cant act what does she do exactly?
Ive only heard the hand that feeds, but it was awesome.
Shes a walking sack of silicone at the age of 60...
he gave her a choice so she decieded to stay home
Daniel Powter you had a bad day
And the man says, That's weird, I work for 3M!
I LOVE the one with the misunderstanding and they think Jack is gay but he really isn't.
thats weird i was thinking the same thing the other day
Ruth lives with her dad, Mark.
depends on what kinds of clothes you like.
aparently good enuogh 2 go on tour with the greatest band ever!!!!!!!!!!!
Just tune it up, because it easier.
She's definately a classic movie star.
It's like someone getting hurt at the circus.
yoko ono is a japanese singer and john lennon's widow.
- With a £5 note in his pocket?
don't really have a favorite singer
Yep, it's the one by Prince that one about sobbing pigeons
Because guys love cowboy movies and girls like gay men  ( they're sensitive and have amazing fashion sense!!
I honestly can't say why it is.
So, Johnny is going to his grampa's house.
cho chang sounds black 2 me....prob africa!
Her or that other tofuhead Pam Anderson
Kevin Covias or should I say  Chicken Little or the sex simbill
Wang Chung - Everybody Have Fun Tonight
to tell my husband that i won 5.000 dollars on a scratch ticket.
The police went into the patatoe factory and kicked the first bacg and she said,Meow!
i guess it's probably Mariah Carey and yeah i like her songs
Rap and hip hop is the bomb
it is OK it is not the SCARIEST movie eva!
They are actually my favorite band!
Liked seeing some Casablanca quotes make it in there!
I never thought I'd meet another Moby fan in my life...and now I have!
a metal hoop a plastic hopp??
well green day blow's em away but mcr is pretty good.
WE ARE ACCOMPANIED BY THREE DESTROYERS, THREE CRUISERS AND NUMEROUS SUPPORT VESSELS.
-have one of those tamagotchi connection toys?
ONE best friend, a lot of friends
include what i need  how i get it and how to set it up
for the articles of course !
I didn't know that she did.
first of all wat is ur age.
I have gotten Blink 182's Mark Hoppus's signature when I was a super Blink fan... so obsessed, lol.
I watched it .. it's nice
im still into a old skool hip hop and rap.
Metallica kicks... well you know (don't want to get sensored), but Pearl Jam wins this one for me.
i have yet to find a decent scary movie none of them are scary anymore
The don't want to be married anymore.
or did the trial drag on and on?
They even have their own myspace blog!
Maybe the video cable is loose or something.]
Q: Did you hear the joke about the retarded people?
wow--i can't believe they missed the Andrews Sisters!
Death, Pestilence, Famine & I can't remember the other :P
no i thought that show was horrible.
ok heres a funny joke, Q. whats my name???
whatever kind you normaly listen to
Sue: Did you hear about the man that fell off the 80 foot ladder?
and any of the jock jams compilations  mind if we dance wif your dates
And I have the answer, My music that I sing in the shower.
o my gosh, no...but funniest story ever.
That would be why it's my fav.
Spongebob and Patrick are just friends.
HAL 9000   Technically not a robot with he controls a ship dang it!
it made me cry at the little girl part....
i just finished watching rent and its really touching.
Hell no i would have hooked up with her
Whatever gets yer toes to tappin'.
Then the other muffin said,     Ah!
Actually that tune was composed by someone rather famous...... :)
it's always the good ol' actors!
So he moves to the next bag and kicks it and she says, Woof!
What cd ( or other) would you take and why???
It was just so strange and sick.
My aunt used to have Brad Pitt mow her lawn too!
maybe i'm just like my mother.
But i have met a bunch of celebritys after spending weeks on there outfits!
um different races in the group which makes them awesome!
Y is it that NOTHING is ever truely FREE?
Try Google Video its free and fun.
SHE WAS BORN IN THE BRONX, NY..... SHE A FAKE B*I*T*C*H
Great Joke bro i`ve never heard it befor    thatnxs for the laugh
anything pepper or sublime or reggae or ska or no doubt  DEFFINATELY NOT EMO!
I just purchased the 1st season of Little Britain FUNNY SHOW !
People don't want to be ozzy.
But which album is it on?
Oh yea and that young dr got a bad haircut.
The Full Monte, I have never seen anything so stupid, boring, wasteful, useless.......KECK
They both are totally rad though.
worst... tell advice that is not relevant to the problem...
this inst a question ,your a idiot,an you wasted 5 points
I wanna go to the Concord Mall!!!
And R2-D2's a classic, there's just no other like him.
three beautiful girls walk by and feel really bad for him.
I love Reggaeton, Ivy Queen, Daddy Yankee, it's all good to me.
HOOP HOOP well im half scorpio and half Libra
my fav song is ''my humps''
that would make me incredibly guilty and sad :(
killed himself in houston xmas eve 1958. russian roulette style.
and Bow Wow cuz they are young, talented and FINE!!!!!
ya they are just really good friends............ (i hope)
Fave band: Fall Out Boy Fave singer: Elvis Presley Fave actress: Keira Knightley
i think it depends on who broke up with who but i feel that you can always go back
Only because you asked, I really don't care.
I think both of them have talents.
Love that storyline  But geez, what's up with that doctor dating George - she looks like a wrestler!
I feel the need, the need for speed - Top Gun
How many of you like Rap and (or) Hip-Hop?
they both go quickly when you are have fun
they cause so many unwanted pregnancies!!
that the whole point just like the chinease dude from american idol that thinks he can bang
said the blonde, There's f***ing hundreds of them!
it depends on if someone messes up, so u cant really tell...
yup same as justice BATMAN - FOREVER.
i dont even kno him and i dont really care NOT TO BE MEAN THO
im not in love with bow wow..anymore lol.
Sean Paul  cause hes class  I love his song temperature!!!
Also, please nothing insulting (unless you're insulting yourself) THANK YOU!!
so the third girl goes 'have you ever been f ucked?'
ppl have bodies as mules and brains as birds.
The Goo Goo Dolls Bret Micheals Mike Tramp
I DONT THINK IT IS CAUSE I HAVENT SEEN IT ANYWHERE
And the Beatles rock out loud man, don't worry I'm a teen too and I like them.
and he says 'no' and she says 'well, you will be when the tide comes in.'
Go finish your day(s) at the beach!
And u will get lot many sources.
What about David Hodo -- UMM !
yahoo music, you pay like $10 a month for unlimited downloads
i've never really watched either one but have seen enough to say south park
i wanna be on deal or no deal!
blues harp ( harmonica ) i love to blow a little blues.
Here is mine: NOBODY EXPECTS THE SPANISH INQUISITION!!
theres an old sicilian quote, man is like a piece of cheese... -Mafia
and Nelson replies I dunno, you should've thought about that before you came over!
all these yrs He's still the #1
i love HIM wings of a butterfly is my fav song
anything with names of beer or liqour in it
i heard they do.their just a bunch of party goer
yeap it is Suger, We're Going Down By F.O.B ... AWSOME SONG!!!!
real artists dont worry about it.
she exclaims, I can hardly stand it!
i like all of them she's such a good actress!
Im a cancer but i wanna give u a HOOP HOOP!
DANCE, DANCE-FALL OUT BOY OR ANY SONG FROM THEIR ALBUMS
It's a piece of crap and it doesn't work!
By the way Greenday Rock on!
don't forget to remember me- by carrie underwood
when you get the answer will u please let me know!
There isn't any cursor: I told you, it won't accept anything I type.
Get a grip and never throw yourself at a man.
!qriptynighte bullets wont do any thing they will go in and out !
Ahhhh, I forgot how they talked, Ahhhhhh.
well is it it takes a woman by blackhawk??
I like his music very very much!
he ten noticed a note on the side of the bed it said.
i personally thought it was a brilliant movie and it showed how society connects
He is a cool guy, i mean since he got out from Black Sabbath i really like him.
no more than necessary, hate the mall-overpriced and overrated
ive been watchin it since season 1. so i was just wondering if anyone is a fan of it...
then it's nice to buy at a music retailer.
It showed that my family believed in my dream.
depends on the mood i guess.
I love the humor of both Hurley (dude!)
YOU DON'T EVEN KNOW ME, GET THE F*CK AWAY FROM ME YOU RUDE A$$ MOTHERF*CKER!
do whatever it takes and just dont give up.
Labyrinth or Notebook or The Goonies... hard to pick just one.
It tells me I've spent way too much time on the site and I go do something else :)
Considering the lead singer is married and has 3 (fake) adoptive daughters.
i don't care for myself..just my little sisters,u know?
keira knightly, it really flatters her face and she looked great at the oscars
Go to sleep, tomorrow we have to work!
if you see it you will know why
i think it's suppose to be on tonight
maybe not as trendy but much better sound quality etc.
The one and only Ashwarya Rai
Alas, they DID IT and with Steve martin - just gives me the creeps!
unless they want to drag out the end for four hours then I wouldent mind so much
Why, we're both 35, she responded breathlessly  No way!
i do and the female version also  who sings it
My Fav movie is Pirates of the Carribean
i think stuff like that is pathetic.
Yea, you have more advantages with some things, if ya know what I mean.
2 men walk into a bar ... the 3rd one ducks.
because he waltzes his way around any real answers, and hes a complete douche on top of that
im scared that u would even want one
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone .
I wouldn't miss it for the world!
I was reading some of my old copies today :-)
i love that movie, it just that last part of the movie that always gets me.
Hey to the dudes above me!!
I ALWAYS TAKE MY OWN SNACKS.
I did get into Dream Theater after I started playing and I don't consider them metal.
I don't know but someone needed to.
April Fools is tomorrow... = )
I've seen a lot but I'll only name some: Underoath, The Bled, I Am Ghost, Panic!
My Grandads name was George Lucas :)
looking for tickets to the monster truck show at the utica auditorium
i love that movie but i dont remember da name
Maybe he should play heavy metal once in a while to help vent!
if you practice a little bit you could open a beer bottle with any belt buckle.
Definitely Paris Hillton, but she makes me anger, how is possible that so stupid person have so much fame?
Fox playing Jonny B. Goode in the movie Back to the Future!
they used to play such great videos on that show: morphine, nine inch nails, wilco, pixies, etc.
but this movie is so... cool.
i want to move to beverly hills and do all of the rich womens nails.....get paid big bucks!!!
Don't even bother renting the dvd.
Yes, yes, yes, I luv star wars!!
Oh my goodness, well, i've been in the same boat.
i would rather them just not serve any at all...
All they're gonna do is send  you nasty messages at worst.
Well, depends if you consider rap songs.
nowhere because no website is going to show usher fully naked.
i think it was for stock trading but maybe not
take it and jump up and down...
I'm back in black and it's AC/DC- No question!!
shes ok but she does seam very plastic
Yep, right here in this question.
I have it its really good
In my opinion, bald men are very nice looking...
also one i would recomend is - tagworld.
site I gave you has their entire discogrophy!
yamaha-they sound great and stay in tune
Yeah IPods are easy and they are the best MP3 player around.
She's nothing but a spoiled little brat.
I'd take the money and run!
Law and Order... it just has a clunk clunk
I listen to everything my son listens too.
I'm going to tell them to everybody!
by S club 7, Never had a dream come true
i watch only a few but they all turned out to be good
Now she's getting richer, just because she's famous.
Say A couple of days after you are... that will teach em...
i dont know where i can find it
AMERICAN DRAGON BUT ONLY IF HE WAS OLDER!!!
or does it cost per call?
I forgot what she said but I did ask a friend that  ?
Any show when they actually played music!
they released like, one album and i haven't heard anything since
Homegirl is going to live a lonely life!!
No Then what is weird ?
on both sides of it !
Good luck and don't forget about me when you're famous!
such a repetitive and catchy hook makes your mind sort of...um..record and play back very easily???
at the moment its'my name is earl'quality!
i too am wondering why..she is very attractive and is a good actress.
But, I am not surprised that guys don't get it...lol
NOT HATE....BUT DO NOT LIKE JESSICA & ASHLEE SIMPSON...YUCCA ;)
And yes, I have the hat.
Well he has a series of CD's called G Force Albums.
um ya could do erosion if its science.
i use walmart.com....it's only 88 cents for each song and some of them are even free!
You'd get fired really doing that.
Pussycat Dolls- ach ug, sorry, I choked while trying to type that they were a band.
Johnny Cash, he's kinda country kinda not, but he's still great!
Paris Hilton is famous because she's rich.
Probably about age 5, if I remember clearly.
im not a great fan but i do watch it.. i like 2 c jubilee..
i am soo embarrassed by them.
#3 but the movie was ugly.
bend over and let the cats scratch the skin off yo hide
I guess it sounds to much like suck a... Oh the things I learn on here :p
And for anyone ot there still running with Khaaaaaaaaaaaan!
was it from the cd no strings attached?
Funny!even though hes a bit wierd
there's nothing wrong with him, he is just opinionated, and he keeps it real.
Yeh, you need HELP real BAD!
I'm just glad Brenna got the boot.
anyone can take a life but to save a life is true power
leave an email so we can chat.
Hey, it got stuck in my head.
i cant remember, maybe robotech or transformers
I-pods are not that great really.
lol.i am from india and its morning 10-45
Linkin Park, switchfoot is okay, i like meant to live
there a great hip-hop group if you dont know about them check em out.
minus 1 leave that joke alone ,lame is not the words to describe it.
#5 coz it was very interesting.
LOL NO QUESTION ABOUT IT AC/DC
Would you like fries with that?
you tell me what it is?
you have to call that number!!!!!!!!!!!
You watch people on tv who Act like trash, but im real life they really arent!
But a lot of them are great!
(I once had to ship something there)
snap ya fingers by lil jhon i tried yahoo but they dont have it please help!
ok im trying to find free piano music thats printable for the movie nightmare before christmas!!!!!!!!!!!!
once again: because english is a weird language...
as soon as she finished her speech, all men started clapping their hands........
I have to admitt i love the guy.
i forgot which website I went too, but if ya want more miles I have tons!!
I'm a person who LOVES GREEN DAY!!!!
And I had, you know soup and the i feel sick foods.
cuz she is a selfcenterd bi*ch
IF YOU TEXT YOUR ANSWER IN IT MIGHT IF YOU DON'T HAVE TEXT MESSAGES IN YOUR PLAN
now were we suppose to laugh ...........
Absolutely...for me the best is CSI:Las Vegas!!!
JD from Scrubs; we're both dorks.
She seems to be getting alot of bad publicity lately.
I love billy currington,keith anderson, jamey johnson, and tim mcgraw,and keith urban.
I've no idea who she is but she sure is pretty
Oh i think Ace is pretty but thats a good thing.
muligatani i only remember cuz it funto say  MULLA-GA-TANEE!
I would hate to mess up with a  bad dude.
be happy and proud in it...;)
I have two Prison Break and Gilmore Girls
thanks for making me think about the good 'ol days!
I saw the picture of her on E!
super glue some change to the floor/sidewalk...it's hilarious what lengths a person will go to for a quarter!!
Great if you have 6-10 people up there w/ you!
stand up and face the music
what is he supposed to have done?
CSI AND NCIS both get your mind working
NO BILLIE JOE IS MY HUSBAND!!!!!!!!!
I saw her on The Surreal Life, and man, talk about a train wreck.
oo i like cassie and paris!
Duz anywon no were a skool iz so i kan lern hw 2 speec inglesh!
sure y not i am a girl my yahoo id is crazy_ovel15
I used to love that show
I bet there are some great ones out there!
i would really like to know...
The little guy dressed in green asks ,Well aren't you a little old to be believing in Leprechauns?
you can get a System of a Down E-card...if he likes rock and politics...
just kidding - I assume it's a band name.
coz the parrots eat them all
I hope Chris wins...but knowing American Idol voters some cow paddy backwoods girl will win again.
Its on their greatest hits this is it -the best of FNM
The guy from the movie Hellboy.
put super glue on your fingers.
dude goes back in time to fall in love with a chick he saw a picture of.
However, GnR has got some kick-a** songs; Slash is a helluva guitarist.
but everyone i've talked to [who has] says its really good
man i love that song sooooooo much.
twins they are, bonded in a way.... kissing all the time, so they can cross their way.
New York looks like a damn dude, Flav shouldn't pick her and she's crazy !!!
expand your mind outside of the hood!
i say the sg, because thats what i play, and it has treated me really well.
but i think its just baby fat from the first kid
They have a new album out called Analogue and its great...
i think it was either a indiana joans film or something and the holly grail poisibly monty python.
I can't believe I just admitted that... ugh...
You'll certainly find out fast now !!
NO and I have tried more than once LOL
I can't believe what a great sequal it is.
I LOVE THE SHOW, I THINK IT'S THE BEST REALITY SHOW ON TV..... AND SIMON IS THE MAN......
learn how to ask a stupid question!!!!!!!!!
My three preteen girls LOVE her!
I can't stand Howard Stern...he's so vulgar!
not to mention john travolta makes the best villain ever.
but make sure you can still deal adequate damage
i answer both for fun and for sincere answers
Get the Strategy Guides, I did.
Im a Scorpio & my partner is a Leo & we get on great
i like the monkey cause i love monkeys.
Wow, who can you count on anymore?
give them to el pollo diablo.
mark mothersbaugh, while with devo wrote a song in 7-4.  it must be really fun for drummers.
The Killer's latest album always gets me going no matter what.
i like when im gone and mocking bird alot 2!!
Hooters girls....cause they come right up to your table with beer in hand!
madonna  have you seen the way that old woman dances
No, it's just dangerous to take looney's advice
i need to go to bed, i'm losing it!
So why am I answering your question?
But yea, I don't like Mariah CArey like I used to.
Just tell them to go away.
Well I have lots of them...but one of them is: Send me on my way by Rusted Root.
i don't know but i hope not, i'd KILL myself if he did i would get so pissed off
Not true...there is a magazine out there that has her with Rosie O'Donnel.
They wouldn't be tanned if he had a beard!
and the weirdest band i've ever heard is MY CHEMICAL ROMANCE.
sorry i couldn't hold it that long.
PLEASE ANSWER AND DONT SAY LIMEWIRE!!!!!!
Like,On A Computer wit Free Software
I like THE CLASH quite a bit!
Star Wars, Empire and Jedi all the way...the rest of the movies you can throw in the trash
The original song is like too good.....
Oh,right, I hate Hilary Duff most.
Is just the kind of man any girl would like- of course, if he doesn't kill you!
How hard is it to be a Hooter's girl?
- sounds to me like a lil toy car.
why did the amputee go to the bar???
Everyone kinda looked at me chuckling.
anyway, the cats probably like thm raw and live!
I don't like her i've heard much much better.
when you kids start having kids.
No, the CIA man replied, You don't have what it takes.
How could you ever top that?????
Couldn't believe my mom actually allowed it!).
i dont no or care cuz thiz question is crap
No matter how old you are or what you listen to, the Beatles are still cool.
vampire because i want to know more about them
He looked me up & down & said It's your body.
women definetly are encourage to comment!
lol  Because its the WAY you go to drive????
my favorite show is Gilmore girls!!!!!
go visit the gates of hell and come back.
He sounds and sings like a gay guy.
i get up in that ass like a weggie.
i would smile and continue on my way, cause i would be too embarrassed to reply with anything...lol.
Yep, sounds like tech support at Dell alright!!
Right now my favorite character is Zack Slater, he is HOT!!!
it is scorpio and libra..(it's from a newspaper)
i hate that song but my sis is upsessed wit it but the song and video are totally pointless
I have been so high, i almost killed myself, I am glad i didn't though.
BTW you can always throw your cell to me!!
Artists are in love with their Art...anything else is just eye candy.
The 80's were one long bad hair day...
1 palumbo is a dictive, 2 if he found gold than he did not need a backer!
But I like all kinds of music like I said.
the girls have no meat on their bones.
so is tina tuner janis joplin stevie nicks need i say more...
xero actually spelt like that but you say it zero
She is a man stealer...she isnt bad looking she can get her own men.
OHHHHHHHHHHHHHHHH my GOOOOOOOOOOOOOOD, it just has to be Heath..
taylor hicks will hopefully be voted out soon since he's just riding his lame gray hair.
im the one usually having the disputes that catches people off guard.
and the big companies exploit it.
But right now it's Bleach :)
I don't like it and it's getting canceled this year anyway.
they cool not the best though
I only like So Sick and that is played out.
I ALSO LIKE GOLDEN GIRLS, THREE COMPANY AND SAVED BY THE BELL.
which ones have you watched.how did you get to watching them?
Sorry I don;t have an 8 ball  lol
i'm glad she left...i hated her
I loved Reese in  it though and im glad she won the oscar.
You can't spell, AND you're on the wrong website for this.
I always thought it was dumb,BUT ........I never watched it til this year,and ya know.....
sorry, i am not a very good guesser.
People on this list are picking the right songs...
Shes rich and can afford to do anything!
Lasi I checked GnR was done and over, AC/DC is still rockin'.
wake up and smell the bread!
thanx 4 2 i see they all answered
i think it probally is american idol's fault.
well i like the move love and baseketball, Selena.
I don't have work, but I have young kids...same thing, basically.
she should be banned from the music industry!!
I think they should kick his ass off tha air!
Dude, they're funny, but not LOL material.
I'll pick one of my favorite country ones...
i thought it was boring .
And it says: Right now, Hip Hop music is going DOWNHILL!!!!!!!!!!!
), Janet Jackson, Queen Latifah, Eva Longoria, or Amerie?
they are not only best friends.
One of my favorite movies, chiefly because it had a young and beautiful Jane Seymour as the heroine!
i didnt know you had a limit...interesting:)
Scrubs, but I missed it last night.
The movie where he was quarterback for Jets, etc.
depends on whether you're a music nut or just a fashion victim really
i think a guy is gonna win!!
i have recently started getting into 60s music, especially the beatles, what do you all think?
i think it is....................... the last holiday
Like you'll ever get a rockstar to fall in love with you!
House  Prison Break and Bones on FOX
I know this because I am 1!!!
Your everyday Spider-Man isn't innocent anymore!
Just last night I was watching The Closer on TNT
Oh...and Spice Girls   hee hee hee
nothing by hilary duff is worth downloading
Eminem or if u want his real name Marshall Mathers
The one Tom Cruise had a problem with?
The one and only GLENN MILLER!
release your closet demons starting with the one that bothers you the most
I don't know.....Thunder Struck by ACDC is ONE BIG riff and  I think its kinda cool!
i don't think so but i do think someone did
Read a good book then go out clubbing
kareena kapoor.shes not pretty but sexy
Oh hell I just love Star Wars!
i don't really know but you are a loser
well it is the top 9 right now.
it is about a doctor doing testing or something like that.
just like their music, not their popularity!
ya i  smiled for two points.......
go to a movie and out to eat, go shoping,call a friend, call your family.
y would he take enough gold from those hills, if his out from d desert looking for gold?
i almost cried it was so bad
Isn't that who it comes from?
Dude.....are you seriously offended by a CARTOON????
yeah but i think shes like 80 years old so shes been around for loooooong time
Actually I wanted New York to win.
but can't sing as good as taylor.
And old joke I heard as a kid.
i love the sinner but hate the sin.
But I think Im gonna quit.
Looks like they are going to make it into television series.
see if your area is on there.
Wo cares anyway i hate britney spears
I tried to shoot her; I just couldn't pull the trigger and shoot my wife.
Great films if you like to read subtitles!
would that be the man on the brady bunch?
RUN, don't walk, to the video store.
This is what you spent -5 points on?????
thats what comes to my mind
jOKES  DID I MISREAD SOMETHING I THOUGHT THEY WERE FACTS
Yea, that's just freaking funny,  a lounge version of heavy metal song.
Anything with Jim Carrey, excluding Cable Guy kinda stupid
theres just somehting about her that makes me not like her.
aaahhh I love recording music with the computer......and on and onl....lol
so my answer is i think they are both ugly and horrible singers too
But you don't look like Tom Cruise!
I hate jese mcartney.... he is so fuckin gay.
when ur math is in bad condition
The guy's albums are off da chain!
I would like to rule the World to make it a better place for u and me.....  LOL
That would have to be Princess Diaries and pretty much all Disney movies...
i cannot deny i like his songs ;>
Oh wow, what a really cool question!
If you actually know who Yanni is then I feel very sorry for you
Would love to see Ozzy or AC/DC before they hang it up for good.
I was having too much fun.
i dont know but if there are any let me know lol
cartman doesn't hate all jews, he just hates kyle.
I need to know how to get to the real show biz web site!!
i am an intermediate guitarist and i play rock music.
i like a lot of people and i don't have that much time to list them all...
practice and have a deep voice.
And what other movies has he played in, if any?
lol Im kiddin unless u wanna chat, then yim me or aim me, k?
her stardom from idol really paid off very well.
That would have to be Legend.
Ya they r because their own websites ask if we want to see their myspace
Orlando Bloom,Jude Law and Ben affleck oh and Shemar moore
And then he says OK, let's get started with the first question: 2+2 equals...?
I wish Rory was in more movies, he is so weird & mysterious!
it gets soooooooooooooo boring after a while.
He wanted to play a round of golf
Listen to country, they have tons of 'em.
they always like  to lick their butts.
I#d guess K but J would be a nice choice, too
The father replied,  I don't know son, I'm still paying.
Episodes 1,2, and 3 were crap.
also, sad movies about history and suffering.
Most of them really suck this year.
:)  Just because it has had so much wear on it.
This was a late-70's & 80's thing that I enjoyed (then).
what are some cheap things to do when you're bored?
i heard one of the band members was sick
No, he should be beheaded by muslems!
Friday, Next Friday and Friday After Next.... too stupid for words but we love 'em.
That has 2 b the worst hiding spot ever.
Ok if you hate Hilary Duff, i've got someone for you.
Well, it's on cable at night still...isn't that good?
I dont play as much now as I used to, though.
Our whole family is just NUTS aabout them!!!
I still watch that movie like I'm five.
i like no doubt but not gwen solo
u tryin to make us scoff at u?
there fore he would have been the 13th ghost.
Sven, he said, I got a game.
I like superman, I hope the new movie is good.
Like Mockinbird, i love that song!!
any proffesional djs willing to teach djing
If you like them ckeck out PINHEAD GUNPOWDER its Billie Joes side band on LOOKOUT!
cause they are in disguise, and you know they really arent funny.
Kanye West's biggest fan is Kanye West!!
is that really a part of the baby's name?
i hate her... because she is rich and she can do everything
because people usually be out on a saturday night
Lol, the big ben blew up?
i watch both those shows and i was wondering what you people thought.
i dont know why thats just what i like
cheat codes always work for me.
WELL.. FIND SOMETHING FOR ME TO DOOOOOOOO!!!!!!!
Lately Ive been playing Guns N Roses and Journey songs.
love no doubt.. don't like gwen stefani except that one song she sings called cool.
yes but give me some actors that might be in the movie..
All the Star Wars Movies and All the Harry Potter Movies!
5: What gets wet when drying?
So what's there not to like?
Wel, I tried to give her rohypnol.....
thats why he's just 18 today !
i stull cant spell (lol) jk
I knew a woman named America
O i get it stand alongside music!
i play the trumpet, i've got 1st chair out of 10 people
remember how kate found the beard and stage glue?
i like madonna from the 80's
you get so many perks that you would be way better off than winning 6.5 mil.
I don't know.... huh what in the world?
You mean it's not a real talking lizard?!
Gangs of New York, hands down!!!!!!!!
They both did heroin though so whose really going to ever know but her.
My wife would not miss it.
Ain't and c_ _ t. Never used them, never will.
u calculate all the songs time and make sure don't more than 80 mins
So little creativity that they can't even come up with new names?
but shes not really sure, hope this helps.
NOW GET OFF THE DAMN COMPUTER BEFORE I GIVE YOU A FAMOUS ASS WOOPEN!!!!!!
And if she ever did, she got rid of real quick with quick money!
I can't stand that stupid purple dinosaur.
Seems like Mike already got it.
ince I didn't go to my prom, I don't know what was played.
I'd like Tom to become the boss!
they think he is the next american idol
You just are going to breathe better  LOL!
you can't trust those creeping guys in the shadows.
(Don't even mention burning to cds.
And i think Evanescence are reall cool!!!!
I give up, who vas it?
he only hates jewish people because kyle is a jew.
it had the vibe of a real comic, with the language and the effects
Oh they're the bestest of friends and I don't think you wanna know what they share
i could give a lot of different information on myspace.com
because they are too old to still be performing.
Nope...I thought it was time for her to go... she really did a hatchet job on that song!
Which Star Trek series was it?...it might not have been TNG.
ummmmmmmmmmmmmmmm neva heard of these songs
IM A WILd n' OuT fAn
'ready, aim...' and the brunette screams: 'earthquake!'
i cul watch the trilogy in one sitting .Well beleve me I CAN.
First of all I don't hate anyone.
The songs name is Just the Girl.
it's a really huge network and i've never not found a song that i want, so i love it.
i really can't get that thing
Red Sonja(the comic, not the movie).
ther is not a tv without a theme song
the acting was a little lame sometimes, but still...it was a tearjerker
my hair would look really bad if it was that short.
Of course not, I suppose he was gay too...
i don't really know a lot of jokes
AC/DC, Axle Rose is a pu$$ie!
depends how much room there is
if she is on anything it is probably coke.
is there anything out there that i can do that with?
do u mean over and over by nelly feat.
guns and roses all the way
I love watching the reruns on VH-1.
some thing like hard rock/medal for a christain 15 year old
You know, I wondered that myself.
Family guy is the bomb anyway, the monkey just drive it home!
doctor; ur knees all blistered ?
yes; lots of rhythm and original song structures
but i think brenna definitely needs to go home.
Probably just like this Yahoo question.
She puts it in the VCR and its all blurry, so she calls the video store.
LOOK AT THE MANUAL IF IT HAS ONE!!!!!!!
lol if your thinking of that missy elliot song id like to hear it myself as well :P
I didn't keep up after that.
no she`s a country girl and she`s not letting her fame get to her head
lots of country songs were popular.
and did the uncle wanted his nephew to sacrificed himself?¡?¡?...
look in the paper for ads for extras, etc.
It is her magizine and Oprah is not the devil.
I listen a to alot of music.
No I just didn't think they were that funny.
But he's not too old for me!!!
i only drink days that end in Y!
I LOVE DISNEY MOVIES SO MUCH I CANT EVEN DECIDE ON ONE!
I'll tell you what I got.
coz these demons are everywhere not only in ur closet but in the whole world.
The only sexy bald man I know.
this is a movie that i have to do a paper on for physcology which is due april 4th.
But I can't stand Brenna, so just because of that I hope she goes.
The Story of My Life by Neil Diamond
i do he is so cute and i like his RAP SONGS
a daughter and a niece that he has custody of 4 some reason
shaggy of scooby doo cos he's totally cool for me or maybe spiderman
i'm a hopeless romantic so i'll go for pretty woman and sweet home alabama...=)
Pretty freaking awesome movie  it inspired me
OMG ME i love fruits baskets i personally think that Kyo is the best !!!
dont know im a cok... seriously.
if that's true that is awful..this world today so many freaks!!!!!!
some of de lyrics are ain't gonna let no body turn me around,turn me around
Freebird or Tuesdays Gone by Lynyrd Skynyrd...it outta be everybodys fav.
there has to be one out out there but mean while maybe we can get to know each other
Do not listen to anyone else.
emmy has only one daughter, but maybe more are coming now that he has remarried kim
I like Runaway by Del Shannon, or 96 Tears
Probably, I cried but I'm a wuss.
I also saw Madonna (fascinating), Depeche Mode (mind blowing), David Bowie (Wow!
I wouldn't be surprised if she was...
I laughed so hard i farted...eSqueeze me.
I love him in Boston Legal!
Flea from the Red Hot Chili Peppers
i think hillary looks like she has an alien shaped head and lindsay looks really rough.
Because they are freaks with makeup.
She asked, what about the smell?
or, just download untill it says full lol
He might be, ya never know?
And he has a beer belly.
sin city - the art work in this movie was incredible.
claypool, that guy can play faster than itzach pearlman.
trying to force another album onto us are you?lol
because it is good and funny
THIS MAYBE AN OLD SONG,I GUESS...
: you have to pay own money for answer
punk rock music (live shows are the best) are how i forget everything bad and just be happy.
Maybe a lame battle but i think it would be close
Or maybe cause more celebrities are already in the New York City vicinity, or can get there fast?
the songs twinkle twinkle little star, if possible to download the song or just listen to it streaming
Turned out to be WAY too weird for me.
Almost always; seriously.....but sometimes for fun...
i am a felame so i ll take my baby and john cena
All in all, i'm a fan.
they ask her: 'any last requests?
Suddenly a blonde raises her hand, and shyly says : ER...4?
They were okay Not the best
lol now that's a funny joke!
rebuke them in the name of JESUS!!
Don't like to see people getting killed?
it is a very very good movie
yes its the back door boys am i right
Date with an angel for sure....very cute movie!!
A girl get raped a begs her father for forgiveness.
that how they push  the character in both the book and tv.
But the one that comes to my mind is Love Shack by the B-52's!
MTV Unplugged, you know back in the day when MTV was a music station.....
I hear he is going to play Mr. Burns in the Simpsons movie...
that is the only one I can think of...
Why do some guys dye their hair anyways?
beatles and rolling stones are both great.
Sometimes I answer questions just for fun... like now...
it's getting good but i wish it would move a little faster!!!
I'm only up cuz I can't get off this friekin' computer, as usual!
Thats some will shiz right there.
how the heck do u know zac efron he is my brother
yeah he lives in memphis with elvis and biggie.
green day is the best i think
the same reason  there isn't crap flavored cat food.
if I use the word that refuse to say then I wouldn't be refusing to say it
Do all rnd singers just have nudes pictures out there somewhere?
he didnt shave his beard...so this would mean that he was lying
dissolve the sugar and drain off the sack
so do what i do listen to and reminisce with good old music it dont matter what style.
When Desperate house wives is on Don't bother me.
He's an actor/rap, and r&b artist.He's went by Eminem, Martial Mathers, Rain Man, Rabbit, and of course Slim Shady!!
Yeah, looks like it  Are his flashers on?
NCIS is fab too if u care to catch it sometime.......Abby is cooool
I love both so that's a hard one for me... but i think it's werewolf!!!
Mine would have to be John Mayer he is good plus has that cute boy charm
Sine I was 16 Toad the Wet Sprocket, now at 29 TRAPT!!!
BIG deal, if they don't want fans around don't be entertainers.
Pictures with the pink coat also...or just some really good info about it...or any really good wallpaper of Mariah.Thanks.
I stabbed a guy in the heart!
the shows been running 4 ever.
He looks like he is late 20's early 30's!!
So if you cry during sappy movies then yes.
sam cook 1963 almost forgot cat stevens redid it in 1974
try shareaza.com it's so cool and it's free****
The blonde turned around again...... Yup....nope....yup.... nope....yup.... nope....yup.....  :o)
Lol, no hun I guess you don't.
You can't even put the beach boys in the same category
even if true i still like that song its rather catchy!
The most important thing is LOTS AND LOTS OF REST!!!!!!!!!
yer old, no just kidding, we played Smashing Pumpkins today is the greatest/
Please don't put your thoughts in...
I've always wanted to have children, and
believe me if you had blinked at that point you would have missed it.
when i was 3-5 years old
don't know maybe Freddy Fender.I ain't got no money and I just got paid.
i've tried fretplay.com, ultimate-guitar.com, 911tabs.com, mxtabs.com and i can't find it.
i am a stuggling singer i have no idea how to make it to the top
I'm thinking of Drawn Together, Dirty Sanchez, Viva La Bam, and Punk'd to name but a few!
Beat whoever you see  Dont' need a reason.... L.A.
Jennifer Lopez,  WHAT A RUMP !!!
sorry.but that's just mean of your friend.
Teen Witch , an 80's movie.
once in a lifetime by michael bolton
N where can i get a platform to start with?!!
Probably Eva Longoria, but I like that woman in CSI Miami, Sofia Milos
well, i guess what ive heard is that you're always on the go and youre 'fiery'
it relaxes the hell outta me
**********  I *HAVE* watched the show.
please email me if you know, its elsjosh@yahoo.com
movie star, i think i could do it
BTW, Prince wrote Nothing Compares 2 U and gave it to one of his side bands.
Screw you guys, I'm goin' home.
you're not born with an accent.
the 60s music is coming back into fashion, don't you think?
although to be fair you can beat some golden oldies.
Bucky seems like an okay guy...but I can't stand the way he sings!
simon has his good moments and others i wanna kick him in the face
My God, he has no shame and is so damn hilarious!
i tried limewire and a couple others and i couldn't get anything downloaded from them for some reason.
I think Sting is getting better with age too
6. good to dance to and I know all the words!
he would do the same no matter what faith kyle was.
If sims1 is good then sims2 , which is apparently beta, Must b the best!
You seems to be a victim of Her(r) Hitler like me.
with out a doubt, aishwarya rai
Do you mean sick like awesome or sick like ill?
one of the songs of Motorhead,can u help me?
Ben Wallace is gonna be maaaaaaaaaaaaaaad.
If my Lisa goes I'm going to cry!
i am the grand poobah of everything i do.
thanks a lot now its back with me again.
Dang...I wish someone would get ME this kind of gift.
i didnt see it but i heard it was really good
I am so glad I was wrong!!!
YEAH, AND I WASN'T VERY COMFORTABLE WITH IT EITHER...
Lawn Dogs, the best black comedy I've ever seen and I generally hate black comedies.
linkin parks album, cnt rememba d name
Snoop Dogg and Dr. Dre are totally awesome.
depends on what kind of nature, go to the jungle or the sea
SORRY (because I'm a male chauvinist pig)  Just kidding... can't think of any word that I refuse to use.
when you trying to burn songs check the time.
patience by g-n-r it gives me goose bumps when i hear it
Remember...this is in the Jokes & Riddles sections...
i think that answered your question.
hek yes screw getting fired that would be the shizit
Played on the radio - Greenday.
Wasting time reading your question !
yes i do like alot of the 60's music
STAIRWAY TO HEAVEN BY LED ZEPPELIN
SALMA HAYEK IN A HEARTBEAT R U SERIOUS?
werewolves are bold and up front and have an animal magnetism.
90 bottles of beer on the wall... 90 bottles of beer...
look at who he was married too, yep he killed himself.
i just got the greatest dvd and it has hidden things but i dont know how to find them
I don't know, wat do u think?
when i read it today, i assumed it was 10 bags with 10 balls-so, 10 balls altogether!
i have the cd curtian call and i listen 2 it all the time its really good!!!
how long does it take to build up calouses *sorry i probably spelled that wrong* on ur hands?
I didn't think anyone REALLY watched this movie...  LOL
just woundering what you guys think are the best songs along the lines of like rock/sad?
yes she is a great singer!
How should i start at all?
Try The Oakridge Boys Greatest Hits, Vol 1
:hung up&sorry rock->what i can say first?
The MEN IN WHITE COATS are coming for you!
last time i cried i shattered my femur
has anybody ever heard of the group S.O.A.P there were two sisters who sang it, they're european.
how much time do you have ?
!I beleive in your taste.so can we meet/ :)
yes it is 3 words    latin pray for us
new york is disgusting and i bet she just reeks of cigarettes!
My favorites are Kellie, and Chris!!
i dont know what to download off limewire now... i downloaded everything i want.. help me out peoples
WELL I NEVER PLAY IT BUT THEY SAY THAT IS A REALLY FUN GAME
I just think it would have been ULTRA COOL to be a BRADY!!
Well...I guess you can tell how young I am...it was Pokemon...but I loved Power Rangers before that!
I answered I liked some of it but I really disliked bands that sound like Pearl Jam.
and does the second half get better?
i listen to everything but rock is my favorite
I used to be a Hooter Girl and believe me the cowboy cheerleaders uniform is definitely hotter.
Yes, I love all MTV shows....
who cares, that must be the lamest show on t.v.
If he was so good he would be on prime time!!
ipods are crap, buy a zen micro instead.
ask your parents, maybe they can help.
no but i like watching the ads when they are all so nasty.
similar to the devil, if the devil has her own magazine and slacks
Thanks, got it now :-))  Very, um, electric.
does anybody know if they are still together?
I can't believe they are canceling it.
Just had 2 friends that couldn't play battlefield 2 on their Dells.
And round and round it goes.
God, I love Dawn Of The Dead...
if you havent seen those go check em out.
Board and watching tooo much TV
yes its harry potter and the order of the phenox i dont know how to spell it lol
She gets the movie and takes it home.
So here are some jokes which are not mine.
Since I am married, it would have to be Sue Storm... aka Invisible Woman...  :)
I don't know, but when you find out, be sure to email them to me....LOL !!
i will listen to just about anything but here lately i've been listening to alot of country
He has a few good songs, but NAH!
<---guitar, violin, base cello, auto harp...haven't played in years though =)
They organise a huge conference to check whether blondes are THAT stupid.
big brother, live '74 - David Bouwie
I think Nobody Does It Better by Carly Simon is one of the sexiest songs EVER!
listen to a real band, such as as i lay dying
#9 A House Is Not A Home_ Luther Vandros.
Well, enough, this could drag on but...
Check out an Italian-Bulgarian band called DEVIL DOLL!
Be like WHEN AM I DUE???
So if I were to laugh out loud I'd **** myself
I don't really like her music now.
it kind of sounds like an 80s song.
I'm listening to Boston right now (Peace of Mind):)
The 80's rocked!That generation had the best music!If you love the 80's music you rock too!
Thats 16 songs each 5 min long.
She was in a plane crash a while back and hurt her back.....now she's hooked!
She has an AMAZING voice for only 16!
anne murray would finally have a hit song
they made history TWICE in the SAME NIGHT !!
i agree with chipsncandy but if you realy want some try google.
GO WHATCH THE MOVIE U LOSER!!!!!!!!!!!!
And rou-ound and rou-ound and round it goes.
I thought he just had one daughter.
:)  Yeah I always feel weird when I'm caught in the middle like that.
Taylor Hicks... he reminds me of Timmy off of South Park TIIIMMMMMYYYY!
i've been trying to find out the name of a song, and who sings it.
Within earshot -> I won't hear this.
na he killed himself with drugs, she was doing and probably is still doing drugs
Oh ya add Suicidal Tendencies to that list too.
the first one isn't even a video it's a prank, and the second one is just stupid.
I want it back, I watch it all the time, so do allot of my friends
The Kung Fu Hustle rocks rocks rocks!!
Can you hear them coming up your driveway!
im an idol and im american.
he is about 83 yrs old
I think gay or lesbian sounds better...
i think its the first letter of the alphabet....a
and if it is why are they aloud to play this stuff on the radio and on tv?
If its your thing have some fun with my idea
You know there's going to be one!!
Star Wars cause we're just cool dam you trekkies
i know physics and i enjoyed it
Can't wait- I love the A- Team!
either you nose is pierced or plastic surgery gone really bad lol
All the ones I haven't read...screw Harry Potter!
it sounds pretty old and i think i heard the word summer in it.
Talk about a hilariously stupid thing to do!
thats pretty friggin creepy... good thing i dont like rap music...
Wish I knew, my lame as* system administrator denied the access!!
all kinds especially up beat music.
I love him coz he's a real black white guy
I gotta know this one..thanx for asking!
try limewire.com if you just get basic it's free i've been using it for years and it's great
So if there are any Kanye fans then: Raise your diamonds in the sky if ya feel da vibe!
I totally thought New York was going to win, but I was rooting for Hoopz!!
I love the Ramones, at least they admited they couldn't play.
Don't care if it's none of my business..I make it my business!
no because raven said that she was not going out with him on TV nor is she pregant
She presents herself as a dirty you know what!
radio ( i think it's true if not it's still good.)
findmycover.com  trusted--by google  even had sorcerer from 1977 !
More info is needed, I'm affraid.
everyone hides and the redhead escapes.
I will give you 3 cents for that!
Make an indie film... that would be awesome!
I can't remember what metallica sounds like...
Oh, My Prerogative Ohhh..that is a horrible one.
If you can't then you buy me one.
doc;cant u do it in other style ?
who cares about that stupid show!!!!!!!!!!!
Jo-Jo Garza from Los Lonely Boys
if u like emo music u can download saying sorry by hawthorne heights!
and then, later on: The Professional Singer's Handbook by Gloria Rusch (expensive but worth it!
look on line, when you find out please let me know.
i hope they release it on DVD soon
The word I don't like to use is hate becuase it's so harsh.
Give me good reason, why or why not?
(by the way,,is this a joke or a riddle??!!!!!!!!!!
I dont liek any of em' only No scubs.
I just called to say I love you.........
Yeah He was the families butcher and Alices LOVE slave.
Shut up all you Metallica hating wangsta's.
i always just ate it cause i liked it.
i didn't even know it was called anime then, to me it was just plain old cartoons.
guess it depends on who stands up
ur mean why do that to people especially people that are nice.
I dont think Ive even ever heard them before!
the 1st one i like the best
I casually dated Alex Webster, the bassist, off and on for 1 year or so!!
I have it), and skip to the movement BEFORE the Can-Can...talk about CHILLS.
well, I don't know if SHE is.
I seriously like I don't wanna miss a thing by Aerosmith.
many children will miss it if it will be banned... :-(
i started to learn to write about 3-4years old
I don't hafta be to work until 10PM tomorrow night.
...and what was it about ?
im a girl so eh.. neither.
She said god dad - that's Hillary Duff
there is no skill to rapping at all
both, I answer for fun and to help other people lives other than mine :)
A VERY VERY BAD WORD IN MY BOOK SOMETHING THAT IS NOT TO BE TAKEN LIGHTLY!!!!!!!!
BUT  IT IS A DISFIGURE CELL THAT GREW THE WRONG WAY.
ummm yes i stutter like crazy i try to avoid leavin a message unless its necessary
Don't have one now, but it used to be a Goldie Hawn movie called Protocal.
acdc hands down....they have been around longer and are still together.
bambi  such a classic and now there is a new one although ive never seen it.
I prefer Billie Joe though only cuz i'm into green day more.
I think it will be a girl- I pick Kellie or Paris!!
get noticed, get hired...get on tv.
in school right now - 2nd period.
and post your own add - bassist looking for band.
6 is the only song i have listened to.
Also high on my list are Bonnie Rait, Joni Mitchel and the chick from Jefferson Airplane
thats a hard one but ACDC is is all that
With Karate I'll Kick Your A$$ by Tenacious D
you can burn 80 minutes on a cd.
Who will cook the kids lunch at school now?
tough one but i would have to say milli vanilli's debut and only album.
Pagan Poetry by Bjork...Try to see the video clip,also...
if you say something stupid i will sue.
but so sick is soooooooo much better!!!!
if you have a heart definitely.
No ....... it's all anonymous really.
I love that show i just can't believe that is is getting canceled
i don't know my oppinion costs a dollar
I agree with sacgirl....don't forget all the good she has done guys.
Lamer one: Beautiful Blonde asks her maths teacher: Why does everyone try to xxxx me?
I actually want both i fell sorry for the other one
They are remaking The Dirty Dozen.
The intro to Grace by Jeff Buckley - it is SO GOOD!
#1 coz it was first 3.
But he sure does do a good MR. Clean impression.
i did they were good, i liked their song he loves you not.
And then i can play guitar to it.
He replied, just hold its little nose!
The drunk asks Are you a Leprechaun?
I don't like her nose for some reason.
These are counted as 1...2...3, 1...2...3 and so on.
PLEASE I DID'NT GET TO SEE IT!!!!!
Noone thought of it I guess.
tell it to my heart by taylor dane i think
Motown singer- Might have dated Marvin Gaye, died young..
chris or paris are my choices
Um... there's so such things as zombies... =&#92;
u come & go, u come & go.
it sucks because it all sounds the same.
i do when nothing else is on.
i dont think he hates jewish people.. he jus likes to tease kyle..
white chicks and ace ventura when nature calls.
Rock - n- Roll would not exist if it wasn't for the blues.
Still gotta love her though, what other celeb is that 'loud & proud' about their screwed up lifestyle!
Urban Cowboy...I haven't seen this movie in ages...you made me want to go pick it up
you can always run and tell ur mom the toilet overflowed
Toby Kieth the epitome of an ugly American
TV & Radio stations tend to play out songs.
If Sawyer would just quit making those glaring looks!
Hope you don't mind, but I've earned some bragging rights here!
no i didnt all r old
I personally didnt like Big Ben blowing up, but otherwise i liked it.
I WOULD LIKE TO BE RAISED BY THE MOM FROM THE WAR AT HOME SHE IS GREAT
ever tryed listening to some Guns n' Roses?...
i no the film you mean and you got my brai racking now!
the bat wings give me ideas though.
i thought it was great i loved it and will watch it agian soon  thank you!!!!!!!!
nothing i`m not a pudding eatter
She swears shes the first and shes not
I kinda lost respect for him after I saw his most recent video...
I've seen it and think its one of the stupidest shows I've ever seen!
The man looked horrified and said, You can't be serious!
My faves are - Yes, Fates Warning, Dream Theater, Vanden Plas, Pain of Salvation, Depp Purple, Kansas
funny I got one that might be a little lame too.
they showed a picture of her on the beach in a bikini on E!
Even though I am a girl I thought those were hilarious!!!!
I like Star Wars but my boyfriend is addicted to it.
Statue of a Fool or Chiseled in Stone (u may not like them coz they're old country songs)
He's that long haired moustache guy isn't he?
because asprin has cornered the market
I thought the whole thing was pretty darn good!
You could like coconut, I hate coconut.
wayne brady is my favorite and i like when they all make up a song
(if u haven't seen them on tv)
yea rite ...i would if i was gay but im not
they ask her: 'any last requests?
THEY SHOULDNT OF DONE IT AT ALL CUS ITS GAY
wats the best way to keep a sardar busy??
yeh i learnt to read off the bits at the start
Well their music is VERY soft punk
or go for a walk and people watch!
houses of the holy- led zeppelin
gun's n roses still rule but lets not forget ac/dc at least is still around.....
YEA She is an OK singer
If not whos cottin' pickin' business is it?
Inside the red house there were lots of red babies.
mariah is awesome..kelly clarkson is good too
The guy in back again yells, “Take it off!!
I love silver bullet by stephen king!
Also, if you want some heavy metal blues, try Black Sabbath.
!I love his voice, I can imagine him going all the way, living the dream.
DNAngel mostly for girls (I am a girl) I guess but great artwork and for me great plot.
yeah but I don't know why some girls r so jealous of each other
i never thought about it before.
make sure they donot hurt others both mentally and physically
NO I never stopped believing  that we would love again the way we used to do.
i thought she was addicted to pain killers
okay, if you haven't noticed I am the biggest SVU geek out there.
But she could be bald and still look good, makes me sick!
yea i like her a lot but i dont think she is the best singer
DMX and Method Man are in it,
im sure you can't  (too bad, huh?)
askmike should get the 10 points!
try to be open to things you usally dont think are funny .
what John Travolta movie had the song looking for love in all the wrong places
let me get back to you on that.
I'm indian and i have talent.
That is just to weird to even think about sorry
well, I am here with my sister and she says Jake and I say Heath
it's also is the movie labamba when the plane crashes~
sad i know but it used to be the excorist lol
BECAUSE KIDS HAVENT SEEN ANY FILMS LIKE WE HAVE WITH KILLER CLOWNS AND STEPHEN KINGS..IT........
i am gonna have to defend the werewolf here.
i love him so much we are kinda opposite but every bit alike, sometimes we think alike.
sincerely and to the best of my knowledge
Anything with Johnny Depp in it!!!
WHO THE F*CK DO YOU THINK YOU ARE?
Bob Loblaw....lmfao...say it 10 times fast...you'll laugh too
♫... if at first you don't succeed, pick yourself up and try again...♫
B&B are just too damn stupid and funny.
the last star wars was good, but not 1 tat u would want to buy!
Does anyone else find it ridiculously annoying?
i liked it a lot better than the first!
american idol sucks,and so do you.
I also really liked Chorus (as someone else on here did), but it's...well, it's predictable.
I don't see any nose at all.
last i heard he got busted for selling paraphernalia on the web
if so, who's your favorite character(s)?
told me that they planted a prank on me.. but in the end.. they didn't.. got me paranoid
Contact Warner Bros.or just go to ebay.I dont think youll find any
He never saw it coming and stills talks about how mad he was!
i want i guy to win elliot or the old looking dude
Man, you got to be joking!
I hope she did not marry again knowing she had any!!
Professor X would win this one so easy it's funny.
Maybe he does it so people like me keep watching to see what he says new??
maybe her trashiness was just an act!
There's so many I want to go to!
if so please write me a lot!
maybe the person who plays Barney, but not the actually character...  got to love Barney...lol
Remember, the military can not find him; kind of make you wonder, don't it?
Im thinking of U   and u r thinking of E
I'm pretty shure she is she just did it to save her marige
How I wish I, wish I'd done a little bit more...
Jessica Alba, Did you see Fantastic Four, come on
I've seen this question about 4 or 5 times and they all say no or I doubt it.
Im in love with a stripper
great movie (Shane West wuz sooooo fine in it!)
The man came out with tears in his eyes,  I tried, but I can't kill my wife.
?He rapped with 50cent and alot of other people, I can't believe you don't know who he is?!!
It's gotta be Cartman all day.
You've got it, it's the least I can do.
I used to play the flute...
what im gona suggest is an indian remedy.
brad pitt...seen his @ss in troy....yummy!
the dead milkmen and mr. bungle...very strange...
racialism and any words to do with it!
i think laces is the answer
IDK hold on let me think
It would have to be Tyrese!!!
I said Doctor, I have a large ugly lump on the end of my penis.
I like all of them and i HATE YOU!!!!!!
NO WAY MY HEART GOES TO CHRISTINA RICCI, FUCK OFF  I HAVE HER AUTOGRAPH..DO YOU???
well he did kiss one lil gurl on set... i would not say he was a molester
Country voices and R&B songs just don't mix!
UNDOUBTEDLY...AND WITHOUT QUESTION...IT IS.....  LUCY IN THE SKY WITH DIAMONDS BY WILLIAM SHATNER!!
Rock, any rock, classic, grunge, heavy metal, hair bands.
wondering who sings the song on the new coca-cola comercial,good pounding rock grove line with a good hook!!
Can anybody explain me: did the uncle was the 13th ghost?¡?...or was he still alive?¡?¡?...
And remember dont play roulette ... it has the worst odds !
like song lyrics only for movies
Goodluck and have a nice day at Disneyworld!
if so, she is hotter as a blonde
everyone hides and the brunette escapes.
go with what localgod208 he's on target.
i dunno de name of da song jooz talking about .
CARTEL DE SANTA YOU CAN FIND SOME INFORMATION THERE
I like Luke because, he never gave up.
TAKE MONEY out of they're wallet/purse and put fake money in!
BUT MAKE SURE YOU HAVE AN ACTIVE FIRE WALL AND ANTI -VIRUS.
(Oh) Spendin’ all your money on me, on me, on me  What you gon’ do with all that junk?
he needs to be beat down
What are you trying to ask
do i listen to the blues yeah i do.
they're friends who understand and respect each other
I just laugh to myself- Hey man's gotta eat, right?
by the way-how old are you?
Ah shucks I am a big wuss.
It really sucks cause this is so fun.
get out and do something....or someone.
I BELIEVE IT HELPS TO GROUND GIRLS TO HELP THEM REALIZE MODELS DON'T WAKE UP LIKE THAT.
sometimes its fun to listen to
then when someone pisses u off u can get ur demon friends to go beat them up!
I say bring back Baywatch & Knightrider
He had a huge collection of 45's and they played his favorite picks
i thought it was pay it forward?
He doesnt care about all the other shiz.
hip hope n r&b some rock
pop->try madonna,everything she does is amazing,did you heard the new one's?
I'm bringing home a baby bumble bee...oww, he stung me!
i live in the bay area
Did you enjoy it or no?
well only shows up in internet explorer(which sucks).
YES I can't stand Howard Stern!
And I'll guarantee you a long, healthy life!
yes he born in 29 feb .
if it was up to me  he would get nothing but i am sure he is paid a lot
He's way COOLER and has EXTREME MENTAL POWERS!
CANCER IS A LOT OF DIFFERENT THINGS.
You handled yourself AND your buddy wonderfully!
To relive the glory years, ah what joy!
Was cool back in the day!
as a supervisor i had people convinced they were not supposed to be at work that day.
Am I crazy or is this normal?
Probably because Kyle`s mom rhymes with witch and she`s Jewish.
It is going to be a great season!
No, she's a little hottie and still a down home country girl!
COULDNT STAND WHEN IT WAS ON PRIMETIME BUT CANT STOP WATCHING NOW.
Star Wars if I really had to pick one.
Yeah, I think he killed himself.
For me, I like listening to Toby Keith and Tim McGraw...
I'm sorry, I can't find this band anywhere!
what r u tring  be a  cannibal ?????
I use to... but not anymore.
Me I like the song crash.
pray that they'll go away, or fight them.
any clues on who's the singer?
What happened, do you know what # it was?
Besides, what's wrong with bald anyway?
Like the one off jungle book when they put Cah in a trance ?
otherwise, the rock like mcr and stuff isn't that bad, and suprisingly kelly clarkson is quite enjoyable
me too mail me at ahmedeldeeb@yahoo
Give me a Playboy and some beer.
it wsa for the show reunion, the show that got cancelled.
Oh my god they both suck tremendously.
Ain't no sunshine when she's gone.
anything reality, but I really like the new surreal life 4 or 5?
ginger...she has red hair, if she stays quiet, we will get along great
I have to admitt, i don't watch much T.V.
whats the difference between a rooster and a prostitute?
the kind with waves and water
...if he's so gay and effeminate?
IF SHE WASN'T BORN INTO THE WEALTH FROM HER FAMILY, SHE WOULDNT HAVE CRAP!
Where would I go to order this CD?
and its a RIFF not a SOLO!
I have one flute for you.
I could never shoot my wife!
I can't believe you would do that to me.
i love him, he is so funny!
;) Sure sure, a family get together!
no expressions and show no emotion
watch the one called end of ze world.
I found a bunch of his songs online..they are pretty good!
Dude, could you rate me best, im still a level 1.
i hate hillary the most too!!!UGH!!!
I mean, how many times can you be denied marriage???
i love idol .. got my whole family addicted
There are just too many to choose from...I can't make up my mind...♫ ♪ ♫ ♪ ♫ ♪
IT TAKES A WHOLE TEAM TO GET THEM TOGETHER AND GIRLS SHOULD MEASURE THEM SELVES BY MAGAZINE PICTURES.
not......he's married and has a kid
Ja, dat sounds purty good, said the Norwegian.
in a amercas next top model me because i is in it
face/off - this is the best action movie i've ever seen in my entire life.
Seriously, do you think she did it or was he just depressed??
Oh, and Superman was in it too.
u go to music unlimted to get free music that u can download on ur compter.
So the guy in back yells, “Take it off!!
Now to answer your question who do I think stinks as a singer, ASHLEE SIMPSON.
But, I didn't see her there at all.
i`m not a fan of the program but i have watched it a few times in the past
Not me I like that song!!!
raze from underworld was freaking sexy.
like a warning for me that some thing was going to upset me i would freak out
looking for album with cover of easy by lionel richie
and every time you spell billie joe wrong a puppy is killed jk
Its there for your imagination only,cuz it sure isn't filling!
dead last becuase train in vain isnt rock and roll at all!
Like the dude up there, IMDB.com is the place I go.
i am pretty sure she has crotch rot
whoa i didn't know that, thanks for the info!
hands down sahid, oh that man is soo sexy.
Has she no idea what a freak she looks like?
Hold on...bong reload...okay...ahhhh, much better...what was I saying......
The KKK Took My Baby Away -Ramones song covered by Marilyn Manson
Not from what you see on the news etc.
its because its a catchy song!
I love the BEATLES they were the greatest boy band ever and still they r my favorites
I like Gangs Of New York.
mary ann she had a better body
uhh.....no....why do you want to know?
Ok, the Norwegian said, my father and mudder had vun child.
they were graves not holes, someone called his mother a sow
no he wasnt original at all,i hope he doesnt win or i'd be P.O
panties  its the worst word ever...  ill say knickers, bottoms, undies but not.. PANTIES!
does not matter how unattractive a woman is,NO WAY I WOULD PICK THE MAN,NO WAY NO HOW......
#2 coz I got bored reading it.
I don't mind Satanists...they're just like Christians.
yes i am a movie crier..
really nothing is wrong with it
no purple stuffed animal on screen!
It is 8.15 am in here!
i know you can tipe  her name on yahoo  and you will probley get millions
ARGUMENTS SHOULD BE DONE IN PRIVATE OUT OF RESPECT FOR THE SPOUSE AND THE COMPANY!
no its her magazine she brought it out
I can't stand Jade, so hopefully she'll be gone REAL SOON!!!
Well duh, all ur questions are about Carrie!
it is a bit old but not so much!
And then it was Tenchi Muyo and Sailor Moon.
r fr that matter open ur windows to some fresh air!!
For some reason I love Taylor!!
hell even the r&b from the 60's and  70's is better.
now, i only like her clothes (some of them).
And what was the name of the episode?
There are 3:  Young Frankenstein Raising Arizona Love and Death
I always start off singing my favorite...Momma he`s Crazy...;)
When you have an eye problem so you see 3,not 2  ( :
Yeah, im sorry but you cant.
actually i am from India so i like Indian Idol
cause a pen can shoot a bullet
What are good tips (promotions ex.)
Don't ask us if you want something sugar coated.
i luv eminem... i think he's sexy as hell!!!
It's a comedy hip-hop show it is soooo funny!
I really don't care for her.
i prefer werewolf movies and i do love my vampire movies.
No all i've heard is so sick,stay,and when your mad
you know, Bob Dylan didn´t like the songs of his time too...
Id really like to know too!
Do not ever miss an episode.
depends on what movie i see....
im working on my drumset skills right now paradiddle, paradiddle, paradiddle
Yeah when you talk to me you will WEEP AND CRY
why can't christian face open question?
they also have good music on the show.
Bucky or Kevin needs to go!!
not usually, although it has happened.
I wonder where people go after her concert - EENT specialists perhaps!
I need you now... like I need you then.. you always said we meet again...
Id maybe go for son of a preacher man.
I loved scenes from a hat I thought they were ALL funny!
salma hayek,for a long long time.she is the sexiest woman alive.i love her soooooooooooo much
I can't believe I'm even wasting my time with this question.
coz they got red noses and big feet
I balme it on Avril, Britney, and Chrsitina.
Cartoon Network needs to show Futurama earlier!!
But then winning is a lot about luck.
the man replies, so i can feel his burn in my ass one last time.
But if I had to pick, I'd say vampire.
A technical favorite [if you've seen the movie!]
play spades or hearts but watch out you know how demons like to cheat
It depends on your tastes, I guess.
If you have to explain it that it is sad!
and all she does is get paid for being at other people big parties.
that's without any zeros or any repeated numbers....got it?
I did twice...Ghost and Dying Young...Now I only cry at home in front of TV...movies are too exspensive..lol
Haven't seen it but since i found it for you i could use the points!
(they were all in the bottom 3 last week)
maybe even some bebop or fusion.
So thats how they got their oscar!
it has been remade to many times
i actually liked the first couple of seasons though, some new music is ok.
I used to like road rules but it's cancelled.
gah and some of the ones above me are really good too!!
(BTW, I know homo by itself doesn't mean homosexual... no need to tell me).
IT'S DEFINETLY WORTH MISSING SOMETHING IMPORTANT TO WATCH IT!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!!
I do not kno but you just never kno.
that would be good for a start....
gurl why went boys & sgirls meet sum body they have sex with them the same nite
no where near as good as the first one
Anyway, listening to the song tonight got me thinking about the titular question and what it actually means.
Maybe, if it happened he wouldn't screw the rest of us so darn freaking hard.
what are people going to think.
Not played on the radio - Spock's Beard.
Steve Martin, myabe, probably Jon Stewart, or Reese Witherspoon
But i dont think they are.
I wasn't very talented so I gave it up
not in movie but in extreme home makover home edition too lol
Maybe something to do with his Hepatitis C????
intro song with Felix the cat cartoon....awesome.
i think that it is kinda stupid.
Hero It is about Kurt Kobain!
Well, she's just got married, so she should have all of them cured...My answer is zero
I'm a good singer and i wanna know where n how shud i start.
She wants to rent a porn movie.
they ask her: 'any last requests?
I like Endor because, the Ewoks are SO COOL.
Lock Stock and Two Smoking Barrels
I think the movie was Urban Cowboy
shes cool she awsome i love her shows!!!!
Ok I liked TITANIC so much.
and they weren't even half as easy to use as kazaa.
I was just needing some good swing-big band music  Thanks
more of a butcher than a cover.
i do but it still embarrasses me
I'm a big 70's music fan!
he will have his 1st, 2nd...bdays after a gap of 4 years.
I dont care if people think im stupid to watch some movies.
I can't believe no one said Daria.
All the time and I always defend the one that's right.!
Well, okay, I can understand several reasons why, but you know...
I really love CSI ....CSI---Las Vegas the original is the best!
just do a search on yahoo!.
I did not know they were like that!
Uncle Sam taught him to shoot a little too well....
Please Help, I need a good place to download music...
yes but what about the chicken and the highway?
he was born on leap year
I just got back from vegas.
But I like alot of them.
Didn't you catch the snake scene in From Dusk 'Til Dawn??!
I want Danielle to win survivor because she's hot.
coz the cat wouldnt eat it if you put it on a plate they like to hunt mice
does anybody know whatever happened to them?
she was like a pure princess while she was hear on earth you didn't hear anything bad about her.
Kellie and Ayla are so gonna win!
Not me...I have heard how hackable that site is and I would just as soon pass on that.
Get yourself a copy of Web root's Spy Sweeper.
Call your local police office and then a shrink...........And get over it.porn addiction is debilitating...
Put somebody else up there...  You don't see Hugh Hefner on the cover of Playboy.....
Umm, Sting -- He can go for like 8 hours.......
ah what the heck i been with yahoo a long time never dissapointed me.
Mine is Toot, shes so funny!
I started in 5th grade, and then I quit a year later.
I know it's not Stargate though...I just watched it a couple nights ago..it's one of my dad's favorite movies.
Yes... but being a geek is a bad thing... Dav.
they were all awful and boring last night.
some cartoon people grow up to be someone else
She completely caught me off-guard and I fell for her prank.
I love to laugh and stupid things make me giggle.
he killed himself, and now he's the greatest role model for me,even though i'm a girl.
Again, there are so many - I recommend seeing any of the above listed if you haven't already!
u shuld become friends with them.
I dont actually think they sing any love song stuff....GREAT band tho'
They couldn't find anyone they could pay to smell a mouse :))
they look the same, so whoever is on at the time
And now you, young lady, what do you want?
and you need to add more to your question.
AT LASt- That is such a sweet song
every little bit of info will be useful
...just a little globual was left
i dont know about her personality but would bang her why not
I even had 2 of the little barbie dolls!
hilary duff and any po-p singerz (pop worst music ever)
It is her freakin' magazine she can do whatever she wants!
it is one hell of a trippy flick.
What I listen to depends on my mood ;-)
Closer You & I by Gino Padilla
i just saw one with a tiger vs. gator..awesome
well im not scared of clowns and neither are my kids.
booing...Marissa belongs with Ryan...in the end true love will win!!
the others i never listed to.
The Wall or Dark Side of the Moon by Pink Floyd is up there
U can watch them on abc family on weekends, also on toon disney on weeknights.
for sure, anything with Jim Carey, and White chicks
Yes, but I like Lettermen better.
I didn't think the first half sucked at all!
always practice and don't quit it... playing guitar is the best habit i've done in my whole life....
Super Size Me... You'll think twice at eating at any fast food place again!!
Who wants to be a millionaire
U CAN DOWN LOAD MORPHEUS AND GET THE AD VERSION OR IMESH .
yes, i fall for corny chick flicks.
to her i'm sure it's just another air bag.
yeah i get real nervous when saying most things over the phone and i start to stutter and cough
i would have been more happy if he picked Goldie.
he wanted to be a second hand smoker.
Drums, because I'm awesome at playing them.
punk, ska, indie, grunge, proto punk...
and if it is why are they aloud to play this stuff on the radio and on tv?
#6 coz I haven't read it yet.
Bon Scott of ACDC, too bad he died...
i used to like her but i dont anymore.
I am the real Slim Shady.
thumper(rabbit) and flower(skunk) are my favorite
2 pac never cared for his music but it's ashame that he had to die.
if you dont know that cool but if you are a boondocks fan write something i love the boondocks.
I know you generally make demo tapes and send them off, but financially, it's just not possible.
guitar and bass used to play the piano
LOL, you prolly have no clue who I'm talking about!
try finding weapons and armor that don't add so much to your stats.
part of the lyrics say something like im 22 for a moment...
its all manufactured, sell-outs like britney and christina who get marketed for their bra sizes.
yes it's so sad and romatic you should definitly have the kleenex handy :)
they're leaking news that looks like it's a yes on that
I still grin when I hear them though.
Oh and I even have the DVD's (all but Season 5)
To me, best riff of all time!
****PLEASE LET ME BE BEST ANSWER *****
become a good musician and then he may notice you
you should pick a list of bands and then ask your classmates questions about them
IT'S THE BEST SHOW IN THE HISTORY OF BEST SHOWS.
first hip hop then r n b and rap
romancing the stone is a movie
EMMA WATSON IS UGLY AND A GERK!!!!!
THE ONE W/ THE CREDIT CARD GOT ME...
I love American Idol.....Ace is my favorite,He is so good looking....mmmmmm
keeping you company  and i don't get to go to work... i have school... :(
Of course, she's older than I am  :)
(dont take this the wrong way, im NOT a freak, she just inspires me)
(Wow some one wants 2 be my friend)
if u were stuck on an island, who would u want with u, Maryann or Ginger, and why
I do, but it is sort of cute!
Ace wasnt at his best tonight...but he is good
anything thats smooth that get me relax
im a gurl so it would be David from simple plan he is so hot!!!!!!!!!
Hey, asked the brunette at the wheel, Any cops following us?
To which he replies, You old fool!
i don't think you can... sorry
I swear if I hear Kanye West's Gold Digger one more time I'm gonna poop all over everything!!
I guess, that would be the life?
my 3 and 5 year old nephews love wathing lady and the tramp, bambi, fox and the hound
so what like you cant decide if you made them up or something.
I like The Little Mermaid and The Lion King
You should think about trying it.
kazaa works a lil better than limewire...but u gotta have a mighty load of antiviruses, coz it is LOADED!
!or you can just say I am sorry but im not pregnant that makes them feel bad too
just go along with it and say due any day..or just say no im just fat
I personaly think it is stupid....I also hate Star Wars xD
Except these said A Walk To Remember on them.
What I hate are bands that are still riding the semi grunge thing.
I knew this $%#$er firsthand-even had to endure meeting him; my dad's boss; DICK STUMP.
Nope I've never watched it but I've heard stuff about it.
Watching it nearly killed my dad he laughed so hard!
gosh, my prom wasn't that long ago, but i haven't thought of some of these songs in FOREVER!
The principal laughed and said....         APRIL FOOLS!!!!!!
is that the movie with mandy moore?
they made around 4 albums and then broke up.
it is because of the bad boy band that just whant girlz and all that stuff
Not really, far too big for me.
Thats a good movie ain't it?!
not great but i know he laughed when he said it
good luck i have same problem
I was in high school in the 80's and yes the 80's rocked!
(and yes, I know I am going to hell for that one!!!
(i'm never home when its on)
i don't know and i don't think anyone else would know otherwise they have made it up.
his boyfriend says why would you do that.
I never saw my grandpa so red before.
Who cares just think of what it would look like.
Phone booth - Butterfly Effect - The Ring  I just like movies with a wierd kinda idea!
She is nothing but nasty, rich, trash!
Best Country Vocal Performance, Male “Georgia on My Mind,” Willie Nelson
It is a great magazine, it has good info without the inappropriate stuff :)
I don't hate anyone neither should you.
the real world, the newly weds and laguna beach
i think he is to cocky and that annoys me
The woman looks up and says, You old fool!
Susan from Desperate Housewives... she's a cool mom
Toy Story, To Infinity and Beyond!
she owns it along with bill gates its a massive conspiricy
Actually, yes I can, its one of my party tricks :p
i loved it, it made me cry
q. why does noddy wear a hat ?
only good songs are country songs
this is like building your own website.
i think its a great show.
And with a great deal of therapy, may even walk again..   Man driving down road.
c'mon its steve harris from iron maiden best bass player ever
Why does a dumb cat fall when walking?
Hopefully the 17 yr old girl.
i think his chin is soooooo sexy!
clean it with soft cloth/tissue and rubbing alcohol
She takes a lot of pills like xanex (sp).
a. because hes a cu nt.
But if your willing to take that chance.
Who am I and what was my birth name?
anyone that steps to the mic
Someone who doesn't believe in astrology.
well i'm thinking heather and kinik
wut kind of entertainment is that u perve?
A girl did not sing it.
